Name	Mana Cost	Type	Rules Text	Flavor Text	Power	Toughness	Loyalty	Name 2	Mana Cost 2	Type 2	Rules Text 2	Flavor Text 2	Power 2	Toughness 2	Loyalty 2	
The Vidalian	5	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Minds Desire	4UU	Sorcery	Shuffle your library. Then exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.) (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Surge of Brilliance	1U	Instant	Paradox — Draw a card for each spell you’ve cast this turn from anywhere other than your hand.\n Foretell 1U (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Heroic Intervention	1G	Instant	Permanents you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	“Protecting my pack is my purpose” -Nidalee				
Nylea's Intervention	XGG	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Search your library for up to X land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.\n • Nylea’s Intervention deals twice X damage to each creature with flying.	“I will always be my mother’s cub...”        				
The Axiomata	WU	Creature — Human Wizard 	At the beginning of each endstep, gain X life, where X is the amount of spells you have cast this turn, If X is three or greater draw a card.	“All in good time.”                               — Zilean	1	3		
Clothed in Power	1WU	Enchantment — Aura 	Vanishing 2 (This permanent enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, make a copy of enchanted creature except it has vanishing 2.					
Time Wipe	2WWU	Sorcery	Return a creature you control to its owner’s hand, then destroy all creatures.	“The way is always the same.”            — Zilean				
Frantic Search	2U	Instant	Draw two cards, then discard two cards. Untap up to three lands.					
Titanic Growth	1G	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.					
Baalkux, Daarkin Staff	BG	Legendary Artifact	Baalkux, Daarkin Staff enters the battlefield tapped.\n Pay 1 life T: Add B or G\n 3BG, Collect evidence 50: Exile Baalkux return it to the battlefield tapped under its owners control transformed with a stun counter on it. activate only as a sorcery. (To collect evidence 50, exile cards with total mana value 50 or greater from your graveyard.)\n Baalkux, Daarkin Staff can be your commander					Baalkux, Inevitable End		Legendary Creature — Darkin Treefolk 	Indestructible\n Pay 13 life T: Add thirteen mana of any combination of colors.\n Afflict 13 (Whenever that creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 13 life.) (Whenever that creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 13 life.)\n At the beginning of each endstep, if an opponent has lost 13 or more life this turn that player loses the game.		13	13		
Pix	2UB	Legendary Creature — Faerie Rogue 	Whenever you cast a spell, you may draw cards equal to its mana value, if you do, you lose that much life and each opponent may make a copy of it.		2	2		
Split the Mast	1GG	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. make a number of 1/1 blue tentacle tokens equal to the destroyed permanents mana value.\n Prevent all damage that would be dealt to tentacles you control until end of turn.					
Buhru Cultist	GU	Creature — Human Cleric 	Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard create a 1/1 blue tentacle spirit token.		2	2		
Boundless Horizon	1GU	Sorcery	Choose one. You may tap an untapped vehicle you control, if you do, choose another. You may choose the same option more than once —\n You and target opponent draw a card and make a treasure.\n Search your library for a basic land card put that card onto the battlefield tapped.\n Destroy target artifact or enchantment.					
Boxtopus	UR	Creature	If Boxtopus would deal damage to a creature or planeswalker, it deals octuple that damage instead.	“Its only going to take 8 punches.”				
Fortune Croaker	1UB	Creature — Frog Shaman 	When Fortune Croaker enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue salamander token with “This creature can’t be blocked.”\n T, Sacrifice a creature: Surveil 3, if that creature dealt combat damage to a player this turn draw a card.		1	3		
Idol of Nagakabouros	2GU	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any one color, create a 1/1 Blue tentacle creature token.\n T: Choose a color. add one mana of that color for each tentacles you control.					
Harsh Lesson	1BGU	Sorcery	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n For each creature on the battlefield, create that many tentacle creature tokens. Tentacles you control gain lifesteal and “Tap this creature: It deals damage equal to its power to any target”					
Mutating Vessel	3UB	Artifact — Vehicle 	Vehicles you control are horrors in addition to their other types\n Whenever a horror creature you control attacks exile the top card of defending players library you may play that card as long as you dealt damage with a horror this turn		4	5		
Stacked Deck	WU	Sorcery	Reveal the top card of your library and put that card in your hand, if that card is not colorless or does not share a color with any other cards revealed this way, repeat this process.					
Monkey's Treasure	2	Artifact	T, Put a Wish counter on Monkey’s Treasure, target opponent gains control of it: Add X mana of any one color where X is the number of wish counters on Monkey’s Treasure.					
High Market		Land	T: Add C.\n T, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life.					
Petricite Broadwing	1W	Artifact Creature — Golem Bird 	Flying, defender, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Tithe — As long as an opponent has payed a cost or a spell an opponent controls has been countered, this creature can attack as though it did not have defender.      		3	3		
Petricite Stag	2WW	Artifact Creature — Golem Deer 	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)\n While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose to target this creature if able.		3	3		
Demacian Manifest	2WU	Sorcery	Choose two, you may reveal two white cards from your hand. If you do, choose another —\n • Detain each nonland permanent with mana value 3 or less.\n • Return two target detained permanents to their owners hands.\n • return a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Petricite Hound	2W	Artifact Creature — Golem Dog 	Defender, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n If another permanent you control becoming the target of a spell or ability would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, that ability triggers an additional time.          		3	3		
Ornn's Forge	1R	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Free From Ice	1GU	Snow Sorcery	Search your library for a creature card with mana value 5 or less, exile it with a number of encased counters equal to it’s mana cost.\n it gains “Whenever an opponent casts a spell remove you may remove a slumber counter then if there are no more slumber counters put this creature onto the battlefield”					
The Watchers	UB	Legendary Creature						
Underground Match Fixing	1B	Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Champions Knuckles	2G	Artifact — Equipment 	When this Equipment enters, target creature you control fights another target creature you don’t control.\n Whenever a creature you control fights and wins, attach this Equipment to that creature and put a victory counter on this Equipment.\n Equipped creature gets +X/+X and “Whenever this creature wins a fight or deals combat damage to player, create X tapped Treasure tokens” Where X is the number of victory counters on this Equipment.\n Equip 0, this ability costs 1 more to activate per victory counter on this Equipment.					
Sanctified Scriptures	2G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant land\n When enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds X additional mana of any combination of colors where X is the number of sagas you control.\n Enchanted land has “T: Copy target triggered ability from a saga source you control.”					
Alpha Strike	RGW	Sorcery	Exile target creature you control, deal damage equal to its power divided among any number of target creatures. Then return the exiled creature to the battlefield.					
Ionian Manifest	2GU	Sorcery	Choose two, you may return a land you control to your hand. If you do, choose another —\n • Search your library for up to 2 basic lands, reveal them and put them into your hand.\n • You may put a land from your hand onto the battlefield.\n • Draw a card for each land that entered the battlefield under your control this turn					
Mana Sentinel	1GU	Creature — Golem 	Whenever a player expends 3, Put a +1/+1 counter on blue sentinel.\n At the beginning of each player’s first main phase, that player adds X mana of any one color to their mana pool, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Mana Sentinel.					
Praa, The Darkin Fan	1GW	Legendary Enchantment — Aura 	Enchanted creature gains vigilance\n Whenever enchanted creature attacks create a a green and white dragon token with vigilance, flying and its size is equal to the enchanted creature. Then if you control 5 or more dragons unattach and transform Praa.    \n Praa, The Darkin Fan can be your commander. 					Praa, Breachwalker		Legendary Creature — Darkin Spirit Dragon 	Modified creatures you control get +1/+1 (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)\n Whenever you transform Praa, make nine nonlegendary copies of Praa, then distribute a flying counter, a first strike counter, a hexproof counter, a lifelink counter, a reach counter, a trample counter, a vigilance counter, an indestructible counter, a haste counter and a deathtouch counter evenly among darkins you control.		2	2		
Red Brambleback	RG	Creature						
Showstopper	2RG	Sorcery	Target creature you control fights another target creature you don’t control, whenever excess damage is dealt to the creature you don’t control your creature deals that much damage to that creatures controller and each other creature they control.					
Agrestal Pastures		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2GW (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or G. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add GW”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, create a 1/1 white monk creature token.					
Darkwood Retreat		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2BG (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add B or G. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add BG”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, mill two, then you may sacrifice this land. If you do, return up to one land card from among the milled cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.					
Draconic Aerie		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify BR (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add B or R. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add B or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped. target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.					
Fabled Passage		Land	T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it into the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control four or more lands, untap that land.					
Frostfallen Swordgrave		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify WB (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or B. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or B”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, exile target card from a graveyard.					
Prismatic Fields		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2RG (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add R or G. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add RG”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target creature gains Trample until end of turn, if that creatures base power is less than four, it becomes four until end of turn.					
Radiant Coastline		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify WU (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.) (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or U. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or U”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, gain 1 life.					
Riverside Trail		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify UB (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add U or B. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add U or B”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target opponent loses 1 life.					
Skyscraped Canyon		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify RW (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or R. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target creature gains haste until end of turn.					
Sprawling Treehouse		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2GU (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add G or U. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add GU”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with no counters on it.					
Vivid Embankment		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	This land enters tapped.\n Sanctify UR (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add U or R. Activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add U or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, scry 1.					
Sorting Sides	2UUU	Sorcery	Demonstrate (When you cast this spell, you may copy it. If you do, choose an opponent to also copy it.)\n Each opponent chooses a nonland, nontoken permanent they control and own, gain control of those permanents.					
Atakhan, Ruin Contained	5BBB	Legendary Creature — Demon Shade 	Trample, ward—Atakhan’s controller chooses a creature card in your graveyard to return to the battlefield under their control.\n When you cast this spell, return the creature with the greatest mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield, you lose life equal to its cost\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may sacrifice any number of creatures, if you do, this creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, each opponent loses X life and you gain life equal to the amount lost this way where X is the total mana value of the creatures sacrificed.					
Demonic Ascension	1BR	Enchantment	At the beginning of each upkeep, put a flare counter on Demonic Ascension, if Demonic Ascension has 3 or more flare counters, remove them and, tap and deal 1 damage to each creature you don’t control.\n At the beginning of each player’s end step, if no creatures are on an opponents battlefield, sacrifice Demonic Ascension.					
Founding the Immortal Bastion	1UBR	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I — Amass humans 3.\n Draw 2 cards.\n II — Each opponent reveals their hand, you may choose a card from among them, exile it.\n III — You lose 5 life, then choose a previous chapter ability to repeat twice.					
The Leviathan	4BR	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	Hideaway 3 Hideaway 3 Hideaway 3\n Whenever The Leviathan attacks, you may put a creature card exiled by The Leviathan onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.\n Whenever the Leviathan leaves the battlefield, return all cards exiled by it to their owners hands.\n Crew 6					
Noxian Manifest	2BR	Sorcery	Choose two, you may tap an untapped Warrior you control. If you do, choose another —\n • Choose target creature with mana value 2 or less gain control of it, it becomes a Warrior in addition to its other types.\n • Each opponent sacrifices an artifact, for each artifact destroyed this way create a tapped Treasure token.\n • Deal X damage to target creature or planeswalker where X is the number of creatures you control.					
T-Hex		Artifact — Vehicle 			2	2		
Ruined Manifest	2UB	Sorcery	Choose two, you may exile three cards from your graveyard. If you do, choose another —\n • Mill five, you may exile any number of cards milled this way.\n • Return up to one target creature from your graveyard to your hand, if its mana value is 3 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.\n • Gain X life, surveil X, where X is the number of creature cards that left your graveyard this turn.					
Zaunite Manifest	2BG	Sorcery	Choose two, you may discard a card. If you do, choose another —\n • You may sacrifice a permanent. If you do, draw two cards.\n • Return up to one target creature with mana value X or less to the battlefield, where X is the amount of times you have descended this turn.\n • Each opponent who has less creatures than you discards a card, then each opponent who has less cards in hand than you sacrifices a creature.					
Shuriman Manifest	2RW	Sorcery	Choose two, if you control two Deserts, choose another —\n • Until the end of your next turn, if you would create a token, create twice that many instead.\n • Create two 1/1 Sand creature tokens.\n • Deal damage equal to the number of creatures you control to target creature or planeswalker.					
The Immortal Bastion	3B	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Horazi, Darkin Focus	U	Legendary Artifact	When this artifact enters, draw a card.\n 1UB, pay 3 life, T: Choose five different card names, then put the bottom five cards of your library into your graveyard, if those cards all share a name with cards chosen this way return those cards to your hand, exile this artifact, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.\n Horazi, Darkin Focus can be your commander.					Horazi, Seeker of Oblivion		Legendary Creature — Darkin Wizard 	Flying\n You have no maximum hand size.\n You may cast only one spell during each of your opponents turns.\n At the beginning of each upkeep you may name a card, you may play the named card this turn without paying its mana cost and as though it had flash.		3	7		
Chaos Warp	2R	Instant	The owner of target permanent shuffles it into their library, then reveals the top card of their library. If it is a permanent card, they put it onto the battlefield.					
Invasion of Icathia	1WW	Battle — Siege 	When this Battle enters, create two colorless 1/1 Voidling creature tokens with “Devoid, ingest” (Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)				4	
Hunger of the Void	1WB	Instant	Target creature gets consumed by the void.	“You call us nothing, yet we are everything. Every place, every time... we are you.” -Bel’Veth				
It Consumes All	3WWB	Sorcery	Consume all nonland permanents.	“A final feast to devour the world.” -Bel’Veth				
Nethergrasp	WUB	Instant	Consume any number of target spells.	“All life will be repurposed. The void will live.” -Bel’Veth				
Void Abomination	7UB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Flying\n As you cast this spell you may put up to seven cards from exile or the void into their owners graveyard, this costs 1 less to cast for each card put into a graveyard this way\n Whenever a card enters or leaves the void each opponent loses two life and you gain two life					
Stryaatu, Song of Rage	1BR	Legendary Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep and when Stryaatu enters the battlefield, put a chorus counter on Stryaatu, then gain control of any number of target nontoken creatures with mana value X or less until end of turn where X is the number of chorus counters on Styraatu they gain haste and can’t be sacrificed until end of turn\n Whenever you attack with three or more creatures you don’t own exile Styraatu then return it to the battlefield tapped and attacking.\n Stryaatu, Song of Rage can be your commander					Styraatu, Tendrills Of Madness		Legendary Creature — Darkin Incarnation 	Menace, Lifelink\n Whenever Styraatu deals combat damage to an opponent, exile each creature you control that is owned by that player, you may cast spells exiled this way by paying life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost.   		6	5		
Sunk Cost	7U	Sorcery	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Overload 8UUU (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)\n Put target non-land permanent on the bottom of their owner’s library					
Gorlith the Unscaleable	8WW	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Ward 6 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 6.)\n Other permanents you control have hexproof and indestructible.		6	14		
Poro's Affection	G/W	Sorcery	Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a Poro card, if its a creature with mana value less than the number of Poros you control put it onto the battlefield, otherwise put it into your hand.					
Poro Soldier	1WW	Creature — Poro Soldier 	Soldiers and Poros you control have ward 1. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)\n Poros with base power or toughness less than 2 become 2.		2	2		
Proto Poro	GW	Creature — Poro 	Flash\n When Proto Poro enters, up to one target creature gains hexproof until end of turn, if that creature is a Poro, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.		2	2		
Mighty Poro	7WW	Creature — Poro Warrior 	Affinity for poros (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each poro you control.)\n Whenever this creatures enters, reveal the top X cards of your library where X is the number of Poros you control, you may put any number of Poros from among them into your hand and put the rest on the bottom of your library.		5	6		
Poro, Heart of the Fluft	W	Creature — Poro Knight 	If this creature or another Poro would enter the battlefield, if no mana was spent to cast them they enter with a +1/+1 counter.		1	1		
Poro Play Time	2W	Sorcery	Choose up to 3 🥖 Worth of modes. You may choose the same mode more than once.\n 🥖 — Create a 1/1 white Poro token\n 🥖 — You may put a Poro with mana value 2 or less from your hand onto the battlefield\n 🥖🥖 — Return a Poro with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield					
Poro Shepherd	1W	Creature — Human Shaman 	Poro creatures you control have Convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n At the beginning of your endstep, untap target Poro you control.		1	2		
Sledding Poro	1WU	Creature — Poro 	Poros you control have haste.\n Whenever one or more Poros you control attacks, you may put a Poro card with mana value less than the number of attacking Poros onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.		2	2		
Fabled Poro	RW	Creature — Poro 	When Fabled Poro enters the battlefield, if you control five or more Poros, up to one target equipment becomes a masterwork.					
Poro Canon	RW	Sorcery	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Poro.\n Deal 6 damage to any target.					
Destined Poro	1W	Creature — Poro  	When this creature enters, you gain 1 life and draw a card.		1	1		
Exalted Poro	2WW	Creature — Poro  Noble 	Flying, ascend\n Whenever this creature attacks, create a 1/1 white Poro creature token.\n As long as you have cities blessing, if one or more tokens would be made under your control, twice as many are created instead.		2	4		
The Great Stand	GWU	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I, II, III — Choose one that has not been chosen: Draw a card for each lore counter on The Great Stand. Gain four life for each lore counter on The Great Stand. Create a 2/2 green and blue fox spirit with flying and “This creature can’t block” for each lore counter on The Great Stand.\n ​\n ​					
Lamppost	1	Artifact	Creatures your opponents control can be targeted as though they don’t have hexproof. Targeting those creatures does not cause triggered abilities to trigger.					
Citybreaker	2R	Artifact — Vehicle 	Vigilance\n T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: This Vehicle deals damage equal to the cards mana value plus the number of creatures that have crewed this Vehicle this turn.\n Crew 5		4	5		
Blasphemous Act	8R	Sorcery	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.\n This spell deals 13 damage to each creature.					
Winding Desert		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped\n T: Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land or a Desert card, put that card onto the battlefield then shuffle your library.					
Site of the Sun Disc		Legendary Land — Desert 	Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)\n This land enters tapped.\n T: Add C\n T: Add two mana in any combination of colors, activate this ability only if you have the city’s blessing or control a God. 					
Scorching Sands	2R	Enchantment	Whenever this enchantment or a Desert enters the battlefield under your control, this enchantment deals 1 damage to target player and each creature that player controls.					
Treasure Seeker	RW	Creature — Human Nomad 	Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)\n Enrage — When this creature takes damage create a treasure token.		1	3		
Rampaging Baccai	1RG	Creature — Hyena Warrior 	Enrage — Whenever this creature takes damage target opponent  sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.		2	3		
Arcane Signet	2	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.					
Conduit of Worlds	2GG	Artifact	You may play lands from your graveyard.\n T: Choose target nonland permanent card in your graveyard. If you haven’t cast a spell this turn, you may cast that card. If you do, you can’t cast additional spells this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Fellwar Stone	2	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.					
Inspiring Statuary	3	Artifact	Nonartifact spells you cast have improvise. (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)					
Realmbreaker, the Invasion Tree	3	Legendary Artifact	2, T:Target opponent mills three cards. Put a land card from their graveyard onto the battlefield tapped under your control. It gains “If this land would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else.”\n 10, T, Sacrifice Realmbreaker: Search your library for any number of Praetor cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Sol Ring	1	Artifact	T: Add CC					
Swiftfoot Boots	2	Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature has hexproof and haste. (This permanent can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)\n Equip 1					
Zuran Orb	0	Artifact	Sacrifice a land: You gain 2 life.					
Arboreal Grazer	G	Creature — Sloth Beast 	Reach\n When this creature enters, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.		0	3		
Avenger of Zendikar	5GG	Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each land you control.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each Plant creature you control.		5	5		
Azusa, Lost but Seeking	2G	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	You may play two additional lands on each of your turns.		1	2		
Baylen, the Haymaker	RGW	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Warrior 	Tap two untapped tokens you control: Add one mana of any color.\n Tap three untapped tokens you control: Draw a card.\n Tap four untapped tokens you control: Put three +1/+1 counters on Baylen. It gains trample until end of turn.		4	3		
Chishiro, the Shattered Blade	2RG	Legendary Creature — Snake Samurai	Whenever an Aura or Equipment you control enters, create a 2/2 red Spirit creature token with menace.\n At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on each modified creature you control. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)		4	4		
Dune Chanter	2G	Creature — Druid Plant 	Reach\n Lands you control and land cards you own that aren’t on the battlefield are Deserts in addition to their other types.\n Lands you control have “: Add one mana of any color.”\n T: Mill two cards. You gain 1 life for each land card milled this way.		2	3		
Jaheira, Friend of the Forest	2G	Legendary Creature — Human Elf Druid	Tokens you control have “: Add .”\n Choose a Background (You can have a Background as a second commander.) (You can have a Background as a second commander.)		2	3		
Lotus Cobra	1G	Creature — Snake 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, add one mana of any color.		2	1		
Maja, Bretagard Protector	2GWW	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior	Other creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 white Human Warrior creature token.		2	3		
Mina and Denn, Wildborn	2RG	Legendary Creature — Elf Ally	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n RG, Return a land you control to its owner’s hand: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.		4	4		
Outcaster Greenblade	2G	Creature — Human Mercernary 	When this creature enters, search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.\n This creature gets +1/+1 for each Desert you control.		1	2		
Perennial Behemoth	5	Artifact Creature — Beast 	You may play lands from your graveyard.\n Unearth GG  (GG: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)		2	7		
Rampaging Baloths	4GG	Creature — Beast	Trample\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.		6	6		
Ramunap Excavator	2G	Creature — Cleric Snake 	You may play lands from your graveyard.		2	3		
Reckless Fireweaver	1R	Creature — Human Artificer 	Whenever an artifact you control enters, this creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.		1	3		
Rumbleweed	10G	Creature — Elemental Plant 	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land card in your graveyard.\n Vigilance, reach, trample\n When this creature enters, other creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.		8	8		
Rumor Gatherer	1WW	Creature — Elf Wizard 	Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, scry 1. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, draw a card instead.		2	1		
Sakura-Tribe Elder	1G	Creature — Snake Shaman 	Sacrifice this creature: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.		1	1		
Sand Scout	1W	Creature — Human Scout 	When this creature enters, if an opponent controls more lands than you, search your library for a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.\n Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere, create a 1/1 red, green, and white Sand Warrior creature token. This ability triggers only once each turn.		2	2		
Shefet Monitor	5G	Creature	Cycling 3G (3G, Discard this card: Draw a card.)\n When you cycle this card, you may search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Do this before you draw.)		6	5		
Springbloom Druid	2G	Creature — Elf Druid 	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.		1	1		
Stangg, Echo Warrior	2RG	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Whenever Stangg attacks, create Stangg Twin, a legendary 3/4 red and green Human Warrior creature token. It enters tapped and attacking. For each Aura and Equipment attached to Stangg, create a token that’s a copy of it attached to Stangg Twin. Sacrifice all tokens created this way at the beginning of the next end step.		3	4		
Tireless Provisioner	2G	Creature — Elf Scout 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a Food token or a Treasure token. (Food is an artifact with “, , Sacrifice this token: You gain 3 life.” Treasure is an artifact with “, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)		3	2		
Titania, Protector of Argoth	3GG	Legendary Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n Whenever a land you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 5/3 green Elemental creature token.		5	3		
Toggo, Goblin Weaponsmith	2R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Artificer 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)					
World Shaper	3G	Creature — Merfolk Shaman 	Whenever this creature attacks, you may mill three cards.\n When this creature dies, return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.		3	3		
Yuma, Proud Protector	5RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land card in your graveyard.\n Whenever Yuma enters or attacks, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, draw a card.\n Whenever a Desert card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, create a 4/2 green Plant Warrior creature token with reach.		6	6		
Annie Joins Up	1RGW	Legendary Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, it deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.\n If a triggered ability of a legendary creature you control triggers, that ability triggers an additional time.					
Caretaker's Talent	2W	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n Whenever one or more tokens you control enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n W: Level 2\n When this Class becomes level 2, create a token that’s a copy of target token you control.\n 3W: Level 3\n Creature tokens you control get +2/+2.					
Desert Warfare	3G	Enchantment	Whenever you sacrifice a Desert and whenever a Desert card is put into your graveyard from your hand or library, put that card onto the battlefield under your control at the beginning of your next end step.\n At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control five or more Deserts, create that many 1/1 red, green, and white Sand Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.					
Druid Class	1G	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you gain 1 life.\n 2G: Level 2\n You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n 4G: Level 3\n When this Class becomes level 3, target land you control becomes a creature with haste and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.” It’s still a land.					
Ghirapur Aether Grid	2R	Enchantment	Tap two untapped artifacts you control: This enchantment deals 1 damage to any target.					
Khalni Heart Expedition	1G	Enchantment	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may put a quest counter on this enchantment.\n Remove three quest counters from this enchantment and sacrifice it: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Walk-In Closet	2G	Enchantment — Room 	You may play lands from your graveyard.					Forgotten Cellar	3GG		When you unlock this door, you may cast spells from your graveyard this turn, and if a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile it instead.					
Bovine Intervention	1W	Instant	Destroy target artifact or creature. Its controller creates a 2/2 white Ox creature token.					
Harrow	2G	Instant	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.\n Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Abraded Bluffs		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add R or W.					
Arid Archway		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, return a land you control to its owner’s hand. If another Desert was returned this way, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n T: Add CC.					
Bristling Backwoods		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add R or G.					
Cactus Preserve		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.\n 3: Until end of turn, this land becomes an X/X green Plant creature with reach, where X is the greatest mana value among your commanders. It’s still a land.					
Command Tower		Land	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.					
Cradle of the Accursed		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 3, T, Sacrifice this land: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Creosote Heath		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add G or W.					
Desert of the Fervent		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add R.\n Cycling 1R (1R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Desert of the Indomitable		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add G.\n Cycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Desert of the True		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add W.\n Cycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Dunes of the Dead		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n When this land is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.					
Endless Sands		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 2, T: Exile target creature you control.\n 4, T, Sacrifice this land: Return each creature card exiled with this land to the battlefield under its owner’s control.					
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Grasping Dunes		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T, Sacrifice this land: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Hashep Oasis		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add G.\n 1GG, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Lazotep Quarry		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Sacrifice a creature: Add one mana of any color.\n X2, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Exile target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 4/4 black Zombie. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Mirage Mesa		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.\n T: Add one mana of the chosen color.					
Myriad Landscape		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add C.\n 2, T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for up to two basic land cards that share a land type, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Painted Bluffs		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T: Add one mana of any color.					
Ramunap Ruins		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add R.\n 2RR, T, Sacrifice a Desert: This land deals 2 damage to each opponent.					
Reliquary Tower		Land	You have no maximum hand size.\n T: Add C.					
Sandstorm Verge		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 3, T: Target creature can’t block this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Scavenger Grounds		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 2, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Exile all graveyards.					
Shefet Dunes		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add W.\n 2WW, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Sunscorched Desert		Land — Desert 	When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.\n T: Add C.					
Survivors' Encampment		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.					
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Broken Bond	1G	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Cataclysmic Prospecting	XRR	Sorcery	This spell deals X damage to each creature. For each mana from a Desert spent to cast this spell, create a tapped Treasure token.					
Explore	1G	Sorcery	You may play an additional land this turn.\n Draw a card.					
Explosive Vegetation	3G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Hour of Promise	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control three or more Deserts, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.					
Map the Frontier	3G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two basic land cards and/or Desert cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Nahiri's Lithoforming	XRR	Sorcery	Sacrifice X lands. For each land sacrificed this way, draw a card. You may play X additional lands this turn. Lands you control enter tapped this turn.					
Splendid Reclamation	3G	Sorcery	Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.					
Sylvan Scrying	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.					
Vandalblast	R	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact you don’t control.\n Overload 4R (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
Worldsoul's Rage	XRG	Sorcery	Worldsoul’s Rage deals X damage to any target. Put up to X land cards from your hand and/or graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.					
Cyclonic Rift	1U	Instant	Return target nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.\n Overload 6U (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
Cursed Mirror	2R	Artifact	T: Add R.\n As this artifact enters, you may have it become a copy of any creature on the battlefield until end of turn, except it has haste.					
Izzet Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add UR.					
Talisman of Conviction	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add R or W. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Progress	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or U. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Unstable Amulet	1R	Artifact	When this artifact enters, you get  EE.\n Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, this artifact deals 1 damage to each opponent.\n T, Pay EE: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it until you exile another card with this artifact.					
Dragon's Rage Channeler	R	Creature — Human Shaman 	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n Delirium — As long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, this creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and attacks each combat if able.		1	1		
Fury	3RR	Creature — Elemental Incarnation 	Double strike\n When this creature enters, it deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures and/or planeswalkers.\n Evoke—Exile a red card from your hand.		3	3		
Hideous Taskmaster	6R	Creature — Eldrazi 	Devoid\n When you cast this spell, for each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain trample, haste, and annihilator 1 until end of turn.\n Trample, haste, annihilator 1		7	2		
Ingot Chewer	4R	Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, destroy target artifact.\n Evoke R (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		3	3		
Narset, Jeskai Waymaster	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	At the beginning of your end step, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.		3	4		
Nulldrifter	7	Creature — Eldrazi Elemental 	When you cast this spell, draw two cards.\n Flying\n Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)\n Evoke 2U (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		4	4		
Torrent Sculptor	2UU	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n When this creature enters, exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Put a number of +1/+1 counters on this creature equal to half that card’s mana value, rounded up.		2	2		Flamethrower Sonata	1R	Sorcery	Discard a card, then draw a card. When you discard an instant or sorcery card this way, this spell deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.					
Vega, the Watcher	1WU	Legendary Creature — Bird Spirit 	Flying\n Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, draw a card.		2	2		
Vexing Scuttler	8	Creature — Eldrazi Crab 	Emerge 6U (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)\n When you cast this spell, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.         		4	5		
Wandering Archaic	5	Creature — Avatar 	Whenever an opponent casts an instant or sorcery spell, they may pay 2. If they don’t, you may copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.		4	4		Explore the Vastlands	3	Sorcery	Each player looks at the top five cards of their library and may reveal a land card and/or an instant or sorcery card from among them. Each player puts the cards they revealed this way into their hand and the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order. Each player gains 3 life.                                                  					
Amphibian Downpour	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Flash\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies. Copies become tokens.)\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a blue Frog creature with base power and toughness 1/1.					
Arcane Bombardment	4RR	Enchantment	Whenever you cast your first instant or sorcery spell each turn, exile an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard. Then copy each card exiled with this enchantment. You may cast any number of the copies without paying their mana costs.					
Jeskai Ascendancy	URW	Enchantment	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.					
Monk Class	WU	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n The second spell you cast each turn costs  less to cast.\n WU Level 2\n When this Class becomes level 2, return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.\n 1WU Level 3\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. For as long as it remains exiled, it has “You may cast this card from exile as long as you’ve cast another spell this turn.”					
Powerbalance	RR	Enchantment	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may reveal the top card of your library. If you do, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost if the two spells have the same mana value.					
Return the Past	4RR	Enchantment	During your turn, each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard has flashback. Its flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.					
Unable to Scream	U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a Toy artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/2 in addition to its other types.\n As long as enchanted creature is face down, it can’t be turned face up.					
Utter Insignificance	1U	Enchantment — Aura 	Flash\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 1/1.\n 2C: Exile enchanted creature.					
Whirlwind of Thought	1URW	Enchantment	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card.					
Abrade	1R	Instant	Choose one —\n • Abrade deals 3 damage to target creature.\n • Destroy target artifact.					
Consign to Memory	U	Instant	Replicate 1 (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.) (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Counter target triggered ability or colorless spell.					
Delayed Blast Fireball	1RR	Instant	This spell deals 2 damage to each opponent and each creature they control. If this spell was cast from exile, it deals 5 damage to each opponent and each creature they control instead.\n Foretell 4RR (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Dig Through Time	6UU	Instant	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.					
Discontinuity	3UUU	Instant	During your turn, this spell costs 2UU less to cast.\n End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and “this turn” and “until end of turn” effects end.)					
Faithful Mending	WU	Instant	You gain 2 life, draw two cards, then discard two cards.\n Flashback 1WU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Flusterstorm	U	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays 1.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)					
Fury Storm	2RR	Instant	When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you’ve cast your commander from the command zone this game. You may choose new targets for the copies.\n Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Izzet Charm	UR	Instant	Choose one —\n • Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 2.\n • Izzet Charm deals 2 damage to target creature.\n • Draw two cards, then discard two cards.					
Lose Focus	1U	Instant	Replicate U (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.					
Narset's Reversal	UU	Instant	Copy target instant or sorcery spell, then return it to its owner’s hand. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Release to the Wind	2U	Instant	Exile target nonland permanent. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it without paying its mana cost.					
Run Away Together	1U	Instant	Choose two target creatures controlled by different players. Return those creatures to their owners’ hands.					
Adarkar Wastes		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or U. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Battlefield Forge		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add R or W. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Clifftop Retreat		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Plains.\n T: Add R or W.					
Exotic Orchard		Land	T: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.					
Glacial Fortress		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains or an Island.\n T: Add W or U.					
Mystic Monastery		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add U, R, or W.					
Prairie Stream		Land — Plains Island 	(T: Add W or U.)\n This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.					
Temple of Enlightenment		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add W or U.					
Temple of Triumph		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add R or W.					
Narset of the Ancient Way	1URW	Legendary Planeswalker — Narset 	[+1]: You gain 2 life. Add U, R, or W. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell.\n [-2]: Draw a card, then you may discard a card. When you discard a nonland card this way, Narset deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to target creature or planeswalker.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this emblem deals 2 damage to any target.”				4	
Austere Command	4WW	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Destroy all artifacts.\n • Destroy all enchantments.\n • Destroy all creatures with mana value 3 or less.\n • Destroy all creatures with mana value 4 or greater.					
Cleansing Nova	3WW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Destroy all creatures.\n • Destroy all artifacts and enchantments.					
Energy Tap	U	Sorcery	Tap target untapped creature you control. If you do, add an amount of  equal to that creature’s mana value.					
Faithless Looting	R	Sorcery	Draw two cards, then discard two cards.\n Flashback 2R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Galvanic Relay	2R	Sorcery	Exile the top card of your library. During your next turn, you may play that card.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Jeska's Will	2R	Sorcery	Choose one. If you control a commander as you cast this spell, you may choose both instead.\n • Add R for each card in target opponent’s hand.\n • Exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them this turn.					
Mizzix's Mastery	3R	Sorcery	Exile target card that’s an instant or sorcery from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it, and you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost. Exile Mizzix’s Mastery.\n Overload 5RRR (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
See the Truth	1U	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. If this spell was cast from anywhere other than your hand, put each of those cards into your hand instead.					
Shattering Spree	R	Sorcery	Replicate R (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Destroy target artifact.					
Slash the Ranks	3WW	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers except for commanders.					
Temporal Fissure	4U	Sorcery	Return target permanent to its owner’s hand.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)					
Treasure Cruise	7U	Sorcery	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Draw three cards.					
Visions of Ruin	3R	Sorcery	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact. For each artifact sacrificed this way, you create a Treasure token.\n Flashback 8RR. This spell costs  less to cast this way, where X is the greatest mana value of a commander you own on the battlefield or in the command zone. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Sinister Omens	WU	Instant	You may put a creature card with mana value 4 or less from your hand onto the battlefield return it to its owners hand at the beginning of the next endstep.					
Rahvun, Daylight's Spear	2WW	Creature — Human Soldier 	Vigilance\n Soldiers you control enter the battlefield with a shield counter them. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)\n Whenever one more counters are removed from a permanent you control, you gain that much life.		3	3		
Palace Jailer	2WW	Creature — Human Soldier 	When this creature enters, you become the monarch.\n When this creature enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until an opponent becomes the monarch. (That creature returns under its owner’s control.)		2	2		
Tyari the Traveller	1WUB	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	When Tyari enters, choose target enchantment card in your graveyard, you may return that card to your hand, if you do, you lose life equal to its mana value.\n If an enchantment entering would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, that ability triggers an additional time					
The Trickster	2UU	Enchantment Creature — Otter  	Constellation — Whenever this creature or another non-token enchantment enters, create a blue Aura enchantment token named Trick attached to another target permanent with “whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.		2	2		
The Serpent	2B	Enchantment Creature — Snake 	Constellation — Whenever an enchantment enters, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and deathtouch until end of turn.\n Whenever one or more creatures with deathtouch deal combat damage to a player, lose that much life and draw that many cards.		2	1		
Forgotten Arches		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.\n 5, T, Consume this land: Consume any number of target cards among all graveyards.					
Xer'sai Hatchling	WB	Creature — Voidling Rhino 	Trample, ingest 4 (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)\n Xer’sai Hatchling can’t attack unless there are eight or more cards in the void.\n at the beginning of your upkeep, consume the top card of each players library.		4	4		
Salt the Earth	2WU	Enchantment	If a card were to be put into exile from anywhere, consume it instead.					
The Voidborn	9WU	Creature — Voidling Horror 	The Voidborn costs 1 less for each card in the void.\n Whenever The Voidborn enters or leaves the battlefield, consume target permanent and all other permanents that share a mana value with it.		9	13		
Dropboarder	RGW	Creature — Human Rebel 	Whenever Dropboarder or another human enters, reveal the top card of your library, if its an artifact card you may draw a card if you don’t, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature they gain haste until end of turn.		2	1		
Desert Naturalist	1RGW	Creature — Human Barbarian 	When Desert Naturalist enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment, then search your library for a Desert card and put it onto the battlefield tapped.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, deal X damage to target creature an opponent controls, where X is the number of Deserts that entered this turn.		2	4		
Rock Hopper	2RW	Creature — Human Scout 	Modified creatures you control have haste.\n Whenever a non-token creature you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1 and attach it to it.		2	3		
Roiling Sands	1G	Enchantment — Landmark 	Lands you control and land card you own that aren’t on the battlefield are Deserts in addition to their other types.				3	
Dance of the Tumbleweeds	1G	Sorcery	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + 1 — Search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.\n + 3 — Create an X/X green Elemental creature token, where X is the number of lands you control.					
Oracle of Mul Daya	3G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n Play with the top card of your library revealed.\n You may play lands from the top of your library.		2	2		
Valakut Exploration	2R	Enchantment	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.\n At the beginning of your end step, if there are cards exiled with this enchantment, put them into their owner’s graveyard, then this enchantment deals that much damage to each opponent.					
Phylath, World Sculpter	4RG	Legendary Creature — Elemental 	When Phylath, enters, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each basic land you control.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put four +1/+1 counters on target Plant you control.		5	5		
Plunder Poro	1RW	Creature — Poro Pirate 	Whenever a Poro you control deals combat damage to a player, create a treasure token.\n At the beginning of your endstep discover Poro X, where X is the number of treasure tokens you control. (Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a poro card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand.					
Poro Fluft	1GWU	Creature — Poro 	Flash\n As this creature enters, you may exile any number of other Poros you control until this creature leaves the battlefield, for each Poro exiled this way, this creature gets +2/+2 and counts as an additional Poro creature on the battlefield.\n “Move like the herd.”                                   —Braum		2	1		
Poro King Idol	2W	Artifact	Whenever a nontoken creature enters, if it was cast, put a worship counter on this artifact.\n At the beginning of your endstep, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of worship counters on this artifact, put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield if it’s mana value is less than the number of creatures you control, otherwise put it into your hand.					
Poro Sanctuary		Snow Land	T: Add C\n T: Add one mana of any color, spend this mana only to cast Poro spells, if this mana was spent on a spell with mana value 6 or greater, create a 1/1 white Poro creature token.					
Council Call	GWU	Kindred Sorcery — Poro 	Choose up to three, plus the number of Poros you control 🥖 worth of modes. You may choose the same option more than once.\n 🥖 — Reveal the top card of your library if it’s a creature card you may put it into your hand otherwise you may put it on the bottom of your library.\n 🥖🥖 — Create a 1/1 white Poro creature token.\n X🥖 — Put any number of Poro permanents from your hand onto the battlefield with total mana value X or less.					
Poro Stories	WU	Sorcery	Replicate Tap an untapped Poro you control (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Gain a life draw a card.					
Naganeka, The Darkin Ballista		Legendary Artifact						Naganeka		Legendary Creature — Darkin 						
Targonian Manifest	2WB	Sorcery	Choose two, you may sacrifice a non-land permanent. If you do, choose another —\n • Put a permanent card from your hand with mana value 3 or less onto the battlefield.\n • Each opponent sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.\n • Create a token copy of a permanent an opponent sacrificed this turn.					
Freljordian Manifest	2RG	Sorcery	Choose two, you may exert two tapped creatures you control. If you do, choose another —\n • For each tapped creature you control, tap up to one non-land permanent target player controls.\n • Deal X damage to target player and each creature they control, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.\n • Create a tapped Treasure token for each tapped creature target player controls.					
Bilgewater Manifest	2UR	Sorcery	Choose two, you may tap three permanents with different card types. If you do, choose another —\n • Draw three cards, then discard two cards.\n • Deal damage to target creature equal to the number of cards you discarded this turn, excess damage dealt this way is dealt to the creatures controller.\n • Create a Treasure token for each opponent that was dealt damage this turn.					
Ixtali Manifest	2GW	Sorcery	Choose two, do something. If you do, choose another —\n • \n • \n • 					
Perfect Fit	RW	Enchantment	When perfect fit enters choose one —\n •  Search your library for up to one creature card that shares a mana value with an equipment you control, put that card into your hand then shuffle.\n • Search your library for up to one equipment card that shares a mana value with a creature you control, put that card into your hand then shuffle.\n You may equip equipment without paying its equip cost if the target shares a mana value with the equipment.					
Desert Merchants	1RR	Enchantment	Whenever you sacrifice an artifact token, you may sacrifice any number of artifact tokens that share a name with it, if you do, deal 1 damage to any target for each card sacrificed this way.					
Sand Surfing	G	Sorcery	Return target land from your graveyard to your hand, if a Desert is returned this way, return it to the battlefield tapped instead.					
The Water Crystal	2UU	Legendary Artifact	Blue spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If an opponent would mill one or more cards, they mill that many cards plus four instead.\n 4UU, T: Each opponent mills cards equal to the number of cards in your hand.					
The Darkness Crystal	2BB	Legendary Artifact	Black spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die, instead exile it and you gain 2 life.\n 4BB, T: Put target creature card exiled with The Darkness Crystal onto the battlefield tapped under your control with two additional +1/+1 counters on it.					
The Wind Crystal	2WW	Legendary Artifact	White spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead.\n 4WW, T: Creatures you control gain flying and lifelink until end of turn.					
The Earth Crystal	2GG	Legendary Artifact	Green spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.\n 4GG, T: Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures you control.					
The Fire Crystal	2RR	Legendary Artifact	Red spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n Creatures you control have haste.\n 4RR, T: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.					
She Who Wanders	5UU	Creature — Incarnation Horror 	This creature’s toughness is equal to the number of cards in your hand plus 3.\n Play with the top three cards of your library revealed.\n You may play cards from the top 3 cards of your library.		*	3+*		
It That Stares	7UU	Creature — Incarnation Horror 	When you cast this spell, you may tap up to X target permanents, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast this spell, they don’t untap during their controllers next untap step.\n Whenever one or more permanents don’t untap, scry that amount, if it was a permanent you control, you draw that many instead.\n Evoke 2UU		10	14		
Glimpse Into Nothingness	5UU	Sorcery	Each player mills ten cards. For each player, choose an instant or sorcery card in that player’s graveyard. Exile each instant or sorcery spell chosen this way, You may copy them, you may cast the copies without paying their mana cost. Exile this card.					
Teferi's Ageless Insight	2UU	Legendary Enchantment	If you would draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, draw two cards instead.					
Inquiries Made	3UU	Sorcery	You may exile any number of cards from all graveyards, draw a card for each card type exiled this way.	“Odd creatures of blood and flesh.” —Vel’Koz				
Turn to Knowledge	6UU	Instant	This spell costs 5 less to cast to target a creature you control.\n Exile target creature, draw cards equal to its mana cost.	“Human melting point remains... inconsistent.”                             —Vel’Koz				
Gitaxian Probe	H/U	Sorcery	Look at target player’s hand.\n Draw a card.					
Stand Above The Heap	1GU	Enchantment	Whenever an opponent sacrifices an artifact, put a pile counter on Stand Above The Heap.\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add mana of any color equal to the number of pile counters on Stand Above The Heap.					
Backstreets of Zaun		Land	This land enters tapped.\n This land doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.\n T: Add U or G.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may untap this land.					
Chronobreak	6UU	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one, For the rest of the game you have an additonal upkeep and draw step.\n Exile Chronobreak.					
Snow-Covered Plains		Basic Snow Land — Plains 						
Snow-Covered Island		Basic Snow Land — Island 						
Snow-Covered Swamp		Basic Snow Land — Swamp 						
Snow-Covered Mountain		Basic Snow Land — Mountain 						
Snow-Covered Forest		Basic Snow Land — Forest 						
Caged Sun	6	Artifact	As this artifact enters, choose a color.\n Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.\n Whenever a land’s ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add an additional one mana of that color.					
Decanter of Endless Water	3	Artifact	You have no maximum hand size.\n T: Add one mana of any color.					
Extraplanar Lens		Artifact	Imprint — When this artifact enters, you may exile target land you control.\n Whenever a land with the same name as the exiled card is tapped for mana, its controller adds one mana of any type that land produced.					
Marina Vendrell's Grimoire	5U	Legendary Artifact	When this artifact enters, if you cast it, draw five cards.\n You have no maximum hand size and don’t lose the game for having 0 or less life.\n Whenever you gain life, draw that many cards.\n Whenever you lose life, discard that many cards. Then if you have no cards in hand, you lose the game.					
Mind Stone	2	Artifact	T: Add 1.\n 1, 2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.					
Sapphire Medallion	2	Artifact	Blue spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.					
The Everflowing Well	2U	Legendary Artifact	When this artifact enters, mill two cards, then draw two cards.\n Descend 8 — At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are eight or more permanent cards in your graveyard, transform this artifact.					The Myriad Pools		Legendary Artifact Land	(Transforms from The Everflowing Well.)\n T: Add U.\n Whenever you cast a permanent spell using mana produced by this land, up to one other target permanent you control becomes a copy of that spell until end of turn.					
The Magic Mirror	6UUU	Legendary Artifact	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.\n You have no maximum hand size.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a knowledge counter on this artifact, then draw a card for each knowledge counter on this artifact.					
Archmage Emeritus	2UU	Creature — Human Wizard 	Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, draw a card.		2	2		
Archmage of Runes	3UU	Creature — Giant Wizard 	Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost  less to cast.\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, draw a card.					
Body of Knowledge	3UU	Creature — Avatar 	This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.\n You have no maximum hand size.\n Whenever this creature is dealt damage, draw that many cards.		*	*		
Defiler of Dreams	3UU	Creature — Phyrexian Sphinx 	Flying\n As an additional cost to cast blue permanent spells, you may pay 2 life. Those spells cost U less to cast if you paid life this way. This effect reduces only the amount of blue mana you pay.\n Whenever you cast a blue permanent spell, draw a card.		4	3		
Emrakul's Messenger	1U	Creature — Eldrazi Faerie Rogue 	Devoid (This card has no color.)\n Flying\n Whenever you draw your second card each turn, create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token with “Sacrifice this token: Add C.”		2	1		
Esior, Wardwing Familiar	1U	Legendary Creature — Bird 	Flying\n Spells your opponents cast that target one or more commanders you control cost 3 more to cast.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		1	3		
Ghostly Pilferer	1U	Creature — Spirit Rogue 	Whenever this creature becomes untapped, you may pay 2. If you do, draw a card.\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell from anywhere other than their hand, draw a card.\n Discard a card: This creature can’t be blocked this turn.		2	1		
Hullbreaker Horror	5UU	Creature — Kraken Horror 	Flash\n This spell can’t be countered.\n Whenever you cast a spell, choose up to one —\n • Return target spell you don’t control to its owner’s hand.\n • Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.		7	8		
Hydroelectric Specimen	2U	Creature — Weird 	Flash\n When this creature enters, you may change the target of target instant or sorcery spell with a single target to this creature.		1	4		Hydroelectric Laboratory		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add U.					
Icebreaker Kraken	10UU	Snow Creature — Kraken 	Affinity for snow lands (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each snow land you control.)\n When this creature enters, artifacts and creatures target opponent controls don’t untap during that player’s next untap step.\n Return three snow lands you control to their owner’s hand: Return this creature to its owner’s hand.		8	8		
Oneirophage	3U	Creature — Squid Illusion 	Flying\n Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	2		
Behold the Unspeakable	3UU	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter.)\n I — Creatures you don’t control get -2/-0 until your next turn.\n II — If you have one or fewer cards in hand, draw four cards. Otherwise, scry 2, then draw two cards.\n III — Exile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	​				Vision of the Unspeakable		Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Flying, trample\n This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.		0	0		
Marit Lage's Slumber	1U	Legendary Snow Enchantment	Whenever this enchantment or another snow permanent you control enters, scry 1.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control ten or more snow permanents, sacrifice this enchantment. If you do, create Marit Lage, a legendary 20/20 black Avatar creature token with flying and indestructible.					
Ominous Seas	1U	Enchantment	Whenever you draw a card, put a foreshadow counter on this enchantment.\n Remove eight foreshadow counters from this enchantment: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.\n Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Winter's Rest	1U	Snow Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n When this Aura enters, tap enchanted creature.\n As long as you control another snow permanent, enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.					
Wizard Class	U	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n You have no maximum hand size.\n 2U: Level 2\n When this Class becomes level 2, draw two cards.\n 4U: Level 3\n Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.					
Archmage's Charm	UUU	Instant	Choose one —\n • Counter target spell.\n • Target player draws two cards.\n • Gain control of target nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.					
Brainstorm	U	Instant	Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.					
Commit	3U	Instant	Put target spell or nonland permanent into its owner’s library second from the top.					Memory	4UU	Sorcery		Aftermath (Cast this spell only from your graveyard. Then exile it.)\n Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards.				
Consider	U		Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n Draw a card.					
Counterspell	UU	Instant	Counter target spell.					
Evacuation	3UU	Instant	Return all creatures to their owners’ hands.					
Fact of Fiction	3U	Instant	Reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.					
Mission Briefing	UU	Instant	Surveil 2, then choose an instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. You may cast it this turn. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)					
Mystic Confluence	3UU	Instant	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.\n • Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.\n • Return target creature to its owner’s hand.\n • Draw a card.					
Negate	1U	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell.					
Rewind	2UU	Instant	Counter target spell. Untap up to four lands.					
Strix Serenade	U	Instant	Counter target artifact, creature, or planeswalker spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying.					
Sublime Epiphany	4UU	Instant	Choose one or more —\n • Counter target spell.\n • Counter target activated or triggered ability.\n • Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.\n • Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control.\n • Target player draws a card.					
Swan Song	U	Instant	Counter target enchantment, instant, or sorcery spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying.					
Thought Scour	U	Instant	Target player mills two cards.\n Draw a card.					
Tolarian Winds	1U	Instant	Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards.					
Wash Away	U	Instant	Cleave 1UU (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)\n Counter target spell [that wasn’t cast from its owner’s hand].					
Castle Vantress		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control an Island.\n T: Add U.\n 2UU, T: Scry 2.					
Hall of Storm Giants		Land	If you control two or more other lands, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add U.\n 5U: Until end of turn, this land becomes a 7/7 blue Giant creature with ward 3. It’s still a land. (Whenever this permanent becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)					
Jace Beleren	1UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Jace 	[+2]: Each player draws a card.\n [-1]: Target player draws a card.\n [-10]: Target player mills twenty cards.				3	
Narset, Parter of Veils	1UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Narset 	Each opponent can’t draw more than one card each turn.\n [-2]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.				5	
Teferi, Master of Time	2UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Teferi 	You may activate loyalty abilities of Teferi on any player’s turn any time you could cast an instant.\n [+1]: Draw a card, then discard a card.\n [-3]: Target creature you don’t control phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)\n [-10]: Take two extra turns after this one.				3	
Deep Analysis	3U	Sorcery	Target player draws two cards.\n Flashback—1U, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Finale of Revelation	XUU	Sorcery	Draw X cards. If X is 10 or more, instead shuffle your graveyard into your library, draw X cards, untap up to five lands, and you have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.\n Exile Finale of Revelation.					
Flood of Tears	4UU	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents to their owners’ hands. If you return four or more nontoken permanents you control this way, you may put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Sea Gate Restoration	4UUU	Sorcery	Draw cards equal to the number of cards in your hand plus one. You have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.					Sea Gate, Reborn		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add U.					
Serum Visions	U	Sorcery	Draw a card. Scry 2.					
Spectral Deluge	4UU	Sorcery	Return each creature your opponents control with toughness X or less to its owner’s hand, where X is the number of Islands you control.\n Foretell 1UU (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Boros Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add RW.					
Leering Emblem	2	Artifact — Equipment 	Whenever you cast a spell, equipped creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.\n Equip 2					
Staff of the Storyteller	1W	Artifact	When this artifact enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.\n Whenever you create one or more creature tokens, put a story counter on this artifact.\n W, T, Remove a story counter from this artifact: Draw a card.					
Sword of Once and Future	3	Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from blue and from black.\n Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, surveil 2. Then you may cast an instant or sorcery spell with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.\n Equip 2					
Arabella, Abandoned Doll	RW	Legendary Artifact Creature — Toy 	Whenever Arabella attacks, it deals X damage to each opponent and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures you control with power 2 or less.		1	3		
Ardoz, Cobbler of War	1R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Shaman 	Haste\n Whenever Ardoz or another creature you control enters, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.\n 3R: Create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste. Activate only as a sorcery.		1	1		
Detective's Phoenix	2R	Enchantment Creature — Phoenix 	Bestow—R, Collect evidence 6. (To pay this bestow cost, pay R and exile cards with total mana value 6 or greater from your graveyard.)\n Flying, haste\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying and haste.\n You may cast this card from your graveyard using its bestow ability.		2	2		
Devilish Valet	2R	Creature — Devil Warrior 	Trample, haste\n Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, double this creature’s power until end of turn.		1	3		
Dreadhorde Arcanist	1R	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	Trample\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to this creature’s power from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.		1	3		
Enduring Courage	2RR	Enchantment Creature — Dog Glimmer 	Whenever another creature you control enters, it gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.\n When this creature dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		3	3		
Enduring Innocence	1WW	Enchantment Creature — Sheep Glimmer 	Lifelink\n Whenever one or more other creatures you control with power 2 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n When this creature dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		2	1		
Everquill Phoenix	2RR	Creature — Phoenix 	Mutate 3R (If you cast this spell for its mutate cost, put it over or under target non-Human creature you own. They mutate into the creature on top plus all abilities from under it.)\n Flying\n Whenever this creature mutates, create a red artifact token named Feather with “, Sacrifice this token: Return target Phoenix card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.”		4	4		
Feather, Radiant Arbiter	RWW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying, lifelink\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell that targets only Feather, you may choose any number of other creatures that spell could target and pay  for each of those creatures. If you do, for each of those creatures, copy that spell. The copy targets that creature. (Copies of permanent spells become tokens.)		4	3		
Feather, the Redeemed	RWW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets a creature you control, exile that card instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves. If you do, return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.		3	4		
Kediss, Emberclaw Familiar	1R	Legendary Creature — Elemental Lizard 	Whenever a commander you control deals combat damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to each other opponent.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		1	1		
Mavinda, Students' Advocate	2W	Legendary Creature — Bird Advisor 	Flying\n 0: You may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard this turn. If that spell doesn’t target a creature you control, it costs 8 more to cast this way. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. Activate only once each turn. (You still pay the spell’s costs. Timing rules for the spell still apply.)		2	3		
Molten Gatekeeper	2R	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Whenever another creature you control enters, this creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.\n Unearth R (R: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)		2	3		
Regal Leosaur	RW	Creature — Dinosaur Cat 	Mutate 1R/WR/W (If you cast this spell for its mutate cost, put it over or under target non-Human creature you own. They mutate into the creature on top plus all abilities from under it.)\n Whenever this creature mutates, other creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.		2	2		
Stormsplitter	3R	Creature — Otter Wizard 	Haste\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a token that’s a copy of this creature. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.		1	4		
Welcoming Vampire	2W	Creature — Vampire 	Flying\n Whenever one or more other creatures you control with power 2 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.		2	3		
Witch Enchanter	3W	Creature — Human Warlock 	When this creature enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls.					Witch-Blessed Meadow		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add W.					
Case of the Burning Masks	1RR	Enchantment — Case 	When this Case enters, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls.\n To solve — Three or more sources you controlled dealt damage this turn. (If unsolved, solve at the beginning of your end step.)\n Solved — Sacrifice this Case: Exile the top three cards of your library. Choose one of them. You may play that card this turn.					
Flaming Fist	2W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks, it gains double strike until end of turn.”					
Guild Artisan	1R	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks a player, if no opponent has more life than that player, you create two Treasure tokens.” (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)					
Inspiring Leader	2W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Creature tokens you control get +2/+2.”					
Leyline of Resonance	2RR	Enchantment	If this card is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets only a single creature you control, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Raid Bombardment	2R	Enchantment	Whenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, this enchantment deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.					
Reconnaissance	W	Enchantment	0: Remove target attacking creature you control from combat and untap it. (If you activate during end of combat, the creature will untap after it deals combat damage.)					
Sentinel's Eyes	W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.\n Escape—W, Exile two other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)					
Showdown of the Skalds	2RW	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I — Exile the top four cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.\n II, III — Whenever you cast a spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.\n ​					
Skyblade's Boon	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.\n 2W: Return this enchantment to its owner’s hand. Activate only if this enchantment is on the battlefield or in your graveyard.					
Timely Ward	2W	Enchantment — Aura 	You may cast this enchantment as though it had flash if it targets a commander.\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature has indestructible.					
Tocasia's Welcome	2W	Enchantment	Whenever one or more creatures you control with mana value 3 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.					
Veteran Soldier	1W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks a player, if no opponent has more life than that player, for each opponent, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token that’s tapped and attacking that opponent.”					
Dreadmaw's Ire	R	Instant	Until end of turn, target attacking creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, destroy target artifact that player controls.”					
Fall of the Hammer	1R	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to another target creature.					
Fight as One	W	Instant	Choose one or both —\n • Target Human creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.\n • Target non-Human creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.					
Monstrous Rage	R	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Create a Monster Role token attached to it. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.)					
Path to Exile	W	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Sazacap's Brew	1R	Instant	Gift a tapped Fish (You may promise an opponent a gift as you cast this spell. If you do, they create a tapped 1/1 blue Fish creature token before its other effects.)\n As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.\n Target player draws two cards. If the gift was promised, target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn.					
Swords to Plowshares	W	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.					
Unwanted Remake	W	Instant	Destroy target creature. Its controller manifests dread. (That player looks at the top two cards of their library, then puts one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into their graveyard. If it’s a creature card, it can be turned face up any time for its mana cost.)					
Violent Urge	R	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.\n Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, that creature gains double strike until end of turn.					
Wear	1R	Instant	Destroy target artifact.					Tear	W	Instant	Destroy target enchantment.					
Furycalm Snarl		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Mountain or Plains card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add R or W.					
Rugged Prairie		Land	T: Add C.\n R/W, T: Add RR, RW, or WW.					
Sunbaked Canyon		Land	T, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.\n 1, T, Sacrifice this land: Draw a card.	Since the river ran dry, travelers wander where fish once swam.				
Sunscorched Divide		Land	1, T: Add RW.					
Expel the Interlopers	3WW	Sorcery	Choose a number between 0 and 10. Destroy all creatures with power greater than or equal to the chosen number.					
Fell the Mighty	4W	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with power greater than target creature’s power.					
Rip Apart	RW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Rip Apart deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker.\n • Destroy target artifact or enchantment.					
Sevinne's Reclamation	2W	Sorcery	Return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, you may copy this spell and may choose a new target for the copy.\n Flashback 4W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Split Up	1WW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Destroy all tapped creatures.\n • Destroy all untapped creatures.					
Fraying Line	4	Artifact	When this artifact enters, put a rope counter on target creature you control.\n At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player may pay 2. If they do, they put a rope counter on a creature they control. Otherwise, exile this artifact and each creature without a rope counter on it, then remove all rope counters from all creatures.					
Ghirapur Orrery	4	Artifact	Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns.\n At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, that player draws three cards.					
Lifecrafter's Bestiary	3	Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.\n Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay G. If you do, draw a card.					
Lotus Blossom	2	Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a petal counter on this artifact.\n T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of petal counters on this artifact.					
Replicating Ring	3	Snow Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a night counter on this artifact. Then if it has eight or more night counters on it, remove all of them and create eight colorless snow artifact tokens named Replicated Ring with “T: Add one mana of any color.”					
Simic Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add GU.					
Strionic Resonator	2	Artifact	2, T: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A triggered ability uses the words “when,” “whenever,” or “at.”)					
Talisman of Curiosity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or U. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Elvish Archivist	1G	Creature — Elf Artificer 	Whenever one or more artifacts you control enter, put two +1/+1 counters on this creature. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever one or more enchantments you control enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.		0	1		
Elvish Mystic	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Fyndhorn Elves	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Hulking Raptor	2GG	Creature — Dinosaur 	Ward 2\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add GG.		5	3		
Jin-Gitaxias	3UU	Legendary Creature — Praetor Phyrexian 	Ward 2\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell with mana value 3 or greater, draw a card.\n 3U: Exile this creature, then return it to the battlefield transformed under its owner’s control. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you have seven or more cards in hand.		5	5		The Great Synthesis		Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)					
Llanowar Elves	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Progenitor Mimic	4GU	Creature — Shapeshifter 	You may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has “At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of this creature.”		0	0		
Shizuko, Caller of Autumn	1GG	Legendary Creature — Snake Shaman 	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player adds GGG. Until end of turn, they don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.		2	3		
Verduran Enchantress	1GG	Creature — Human Druid 	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may draw a card.		0	2		
Abundance	2GG	Enchantment	If you would draw a card, you may instead choose land or nonland and reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order.					
As Foretold	2U	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a time counter on this enchantment.\n Once each turn, you may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for a spell you cast with mana value X or less, where X is the number of time counters on this enchantment.					
Bounty of the Luxa	2GU		At the beginning of your first main phase, remove all flood counters from Bounty of the Luxa. If no counters were removed this way, put a flood counter on Bounty of the Luxa and draw a card. Otherwise, add CGU.					
City of Death	2G	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after VI.)\n Create a Treasure token.\n Create a token that’s a copy of target non-Saga token you control.\n ​					
Court of Bounty	2GG	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, you become the monarch.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you’re the monarch, instead you may put a creature or land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Elemental Resonance	2GG	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant permanent\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add mana equal to enchanted permanent’s mana cost. (Mana cost includes color. If a mana symbol has multiple colors, choose one.)					
Endless Evil	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature you control\n At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of enchanted creature, except the token is 1/1.\n When enchanted creature dies, if that creature was a Horror, return Endless Evil to its owner’s hand.					
Extravagant Replication	4UU	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of another target nonland permanent you control.					
Freed from the Real	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n U: Tap enchanted creature.\n U: Untap enchanted creature.					
Frontier Siege	3G	Enchantment	As this enchantment enters, choose Khans or Dragons.\n • Khans — At the beginning of each of your main phases, add GG.\n • Dragons — Whenever a creature you control with flying enters, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.					
Hibernation's End	4G	Enchantment	Cumulative upkeep 1 (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)\n Whenever you pay this enchantment’s cumulative upkeep, you may search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to the number of age counters on this enchantment, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
In Search of Greatness	GG	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may cast a permanent spell from your hand with mana value equal to 1 plus the greatest mana value among other permanents you control without paying its mana cost. If you don’t, scry 1.					
Into the Wilds	3G	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield.					
Journey to the Lost City	3G	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top four cards of your library, then roll a d20.\n 1—9 | You may put a land card from among those cards onto the battlefield.\n 10—19 | Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card among those cards.\n 20 | Put all permanent cards exiled with this enchantment onto the battlefield, then sacrifice it.					
Mana Bloom	XG	Enchantment	This enchantment enters with X charge counters on it.\n Remove a charge counter from this enchantment: Add one mana of any color. Activate only once each turn.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, if this enchantment has no charge counters on it, return it to its owner’s hand.					
Mechanized Production	2UU	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant artifact you control\n At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of enchanted artifact. Then if you control eight or more artifacts with the same name as one another, you win the game.					
Mind Unbound	4UU	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a lore counter on this enchantment, then draw a card for each lore counter on this enchantment.					
Netherese Puzzle-Ward	3U	Enchantment	Focus Beam — At the beginning of your upkeep, roll a d4. Scry X, where X is the result.\n Perfect Illumination — Whenever you roll a die’s highest natural result, draw a card.					
On the Trail	1G	Enchantment	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.					
Sanctum of Calm Waters	3U	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	At the beginning of your first main phase, you may draw X cards, where X is the number of Shrines you control. If you do, discard a card.					
Sanctum of Fruitful Harvest	2G	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	At the beginning of your first main phase, add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of Shrines you control.					
Search for Azcanta	1U	Legendary Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. Then if you have seven or more cards in your graveyard, you may transform this enchantment.					Azcanta, the Sunken Ruin		Legendary Land	(Transforms from Search for Azcanta.)\n T: Add U.\n 2U, T: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.					
The World Spell	5GG	Enchantment — Saga 	Read ahead (Choose a chapter and start with that many lore counters. Add one after your draw step. Skipped chapters don’t trigger. Sacrifice after III.)\n I, II — Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a non-Saga permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.\n III — Put up to two non-Saga permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield.\n ​					
Utopia Sprawl	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant Forest\n As this Aura enters, choose a color.\n Whenever enchanted Forest is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of the chosen color.					
Growth Spiral	GU	Instant	Draw a card. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Mana Leak	1U	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.					
Miscast	U	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays 3.					
Muddle the Mixture	UU	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell.\n Transmute 1UU (1UU, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same mana value as this card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Transmute only as a sorcery.)					
Pongify	U	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can’t be regenerated. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Ape creature token.					
Rapid Hybridization	U	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can’t be regenerated. That creature’s controller creates a 3/3 green Frog Lizard creature token.					
Reality Shift	1U	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller manifests the top card of their library. (That player puts the top card of their library onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. If it’s a creature card, it can be turned face up any time for its mana cost.)					
Suspend	U	Instant	Exile target creature and put two time counters on it. If it doesn’t have suspend, it gains suspend. (At the beginning of its owner’s upkeep, they remove a time counter. When the last is removed, they may play it without paying its mana cost. If it’s a creature, it has haste.)					
Botanical Sanctum		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add G or U.					
Evolving Wilds		Land	T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Flooded Grove		Land	T: Add C.\n G/U, T: Add GG, GU, or UU.					
Hedge Maze		Land — Forest Island 	(T: Add G or U.)\n This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)					
Hinterland Harbor		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Forest or an Island.\n T: Add G or U.					
Overflowing Basin		Land	1, T: Add GU.					
Path of Ancestry		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity. When that mana is spent to cast a creature spell that shares a creature type with your commander, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)					
Temple of Mystery		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add G or U.					
Vineglimmer Snarl		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Forest or Island card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add G or U.					
Yavimaya Coast		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or U. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Make Your Own Luck	3GU	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may exile a nonland card from among them. If you do, it becomes plotted. Put the rest into your hand. (You may cast it as a sorcery on a later turn without paying its mana cost.)					
River's Rebuke	4UU	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents target player controls to their owner’s hand.					
Wash Out	3U	Sorcery	Return all permanents of the color of your choice to their owners’ hands.					
Selesnya Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add GW.					
Symmetry Matrix	4	Artifact	Whenever a creature you control with power equal to its toughness enters, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.					
Talisman of Unity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or W. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Arbor Elf	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Untap target Forest.		1	1		
Avacyn's Pilgrim	G	Creature — Human Monk 	T: Add W.		1	1		
Beast Whisperer	2GG	Creature — Elf Druid 	Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card.		2	3		
Benevolent Bodyguard	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Sacrifice this creature: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.		1	1		
Bess, Soul Nourisher	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Citizen 	Whenever one or more other creatures you control with base power and toughness 1/1 enter, put a +1/+1 counter on Bess.\n Whenever Bess attacks, each other creature you control with base power and toughness 1/1 gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Bess.		1	1		
Caustic Caterpillar	G	Creature — Insect 	1G, Sacrifice this creature: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.		1	1		
Champion of Lambholt	1GG	Creature — Human Warrior 	Creatures with power less than this creature’s power can’t block creatures you control.\n Whenever another creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	1		
Cultivator of Blades	3GG	Creature — Elf Artificer 	Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may have other attacking creatures get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature’s power.		1	1		
Elvish Visionary	1G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	When this creature enters, draw a card.		1	1		
Enduring Vitality	1GG	Enchantment Creature — Elk Glimmer 	Vigilance\n Creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”\n When this creature dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		3	3		
Gala Greeters	1G	Creature — Elf Druid 	Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —\n • Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.\n • Create a tapped Treasure token.\n • You gain 2 life.		1	1		
Guide of Souls	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Whenever another creature you control enters, you gain 1 life and get E (an energy counter).\n Whenever you attack, you may pay EEE. When you do, put two +1/+1 counters and a flying counter on target attacking creature. It becomes an Angel in addition to its other types.		1	2		
Haywire Mite	1	Artifact Creature — Insect 	When Haywire Mite dies, you gain 2 life.\n G, Sacrifice Haywire Mite: Exile target noncreature artifact or noncreature enchantment.		1	1		
Heronblade Elite	2G	Creature — Human Warrior 	Vigilance\n Whenever another Human you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.\n T: Add X mana of any one color, where X is this creature’s power.		1	1		
Hydra Trainer	1G	Creature — Human Warrior 	You may exert this creature as it attacks. When you do, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of counters on permanents you control. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)\n 2G: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)		1	1		
Ilysian Caryatid	1G	Creature — Plant 	T: Add one mana of any color. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, add two mana of any one color instead.		1	1		
Indebted Spirit	W	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Bestow 2W (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)\n Afterlife 1 (Whenever this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has afterlife 1.		1	1		
Kami of Whispered Hopes	2G	Creature — Spirit 	If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a permanent you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on that permanent instead.\n T: Add X mana of any one color, where X is this creature’s power.					
Katilda, Dawnhart Prime	GW	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	Protection from Werewolves\n Human creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any of this creature’s colors.”\n 4GW, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.		1	1		
Kutzil, Malamet Exemplar	1GW	Legendary Creature — Warrior Cat 	Your opponents can’t cast spells during your turn.\n Whenever one or more creatures you control each with power greater than its base power deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.		3	3		
Luminarch Aspirant	1W	Creature — Human Cleric 	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.		1	1		
Managorger Hydra	2G	Creature — Hydra 	Trample\n Whenever a player casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	1		
Mentor of the Meek	2W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Whenever another creature you control with power 2 or less enters, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.		2	2		
Mirror Entity	2W	Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n X: Until end of turn, creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X and gain all creature types.		1	1		
Ollenbock Escort	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Vigilance\n Sacrifice this creature: Target creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn.		1	1		
Resolute Reinforcements	1W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)\n When this creature enters, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.		1	1		
Selfless Savior	W	Creature — Dog 	Sacrifice this creature: Another target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy it.)		1	1		
Spirited Companion	1W	Enchantment Creature — Dog 	When this creature enters, draw a card.		1	1		
Springheart Nantuko	1G	Enchantment Creature — Monk Insect 	Bestow 1G\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may pay 1G if this card is attached to a creature you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature. If you didn’t create a token this way, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.		1	1		
Torens, Fist of the Angels	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Training (Whenever this creature attacks with another creature with greater power, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)\n Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 1/1 green and white Human Soldier creature token with training.		2	2		
Wildwood Mentor	2G	Creature — Treefolk 	Whenever a token you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.\n Whenever this creature attacks, another target attacking creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature’s power.		1	1		
Wood Elves	2G	Creature — Elf Scout 	When this creature enters, search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.		1	1		
Wyrm's Crossing Patrol	W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that’s a copy of this creature that’s tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)		1	1		
Assemble the Players	1W	Enchantment	You may look at the top card of your library any time.\n Once each turn, you may cast a creature spell with power 2 or less from the top of your library.					
Guardian Project	3G	Enchantment	Whenever a nontoken creature you control enters, if it doesn’t have the same name as another creature you control or a creature card in your graveyard, draw a card.	Simic’s strength comes from its diversity.				
Mirari's Wake	3GW	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.					
Wild Pair	4GG	Enchantment	Whenever a creature enters, if you cast it from your hand, you may search your library for a creature card with the same total power and toughness, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Cosmic Rebirth	1GW	Instant	Choose target permanent card in your graveyard. If it has mana value 3 or less, you may put it onto the battlefield. If you don’t put it onto the battlefield, put it into your hand.\n You gain 3 life.					
Rite of Harmony	GW	Instant	Whenever a creature or enchantment you control enters this turn, draw a card.\n Flashback 2GW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Snakeskin Veil	G	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)					
Your Temple Is Under Attack	2W	Instant	Choose one —\n • Pray for Protection — Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.\n • Strike a Deal — You and target opponent each draw two cards.					
Branchloft Pathway		Land	T: Add G,					Boulderloft Pathway		Land	T: Add W.					
Brushland		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or W. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Canopy Vista		Land — Forest Plains 	(T: Add G or W.)\n This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.					
Castle Ardenvale		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains.\n T: Add W.\n 2WW, T: Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.					
Fortified Village		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Forest or Plains card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add G or W.					
Razorverge Thicket		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add G or W.					
Sungrass Prairie		Land	1, T: Add GW.					
Windbrisk Heights		Land	Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)\n This land enters tapped.\n T: Add W.\n W, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn.					
Basri Ket	1WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Basri 	[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. It gains indestructible until end of turn.\n [-2]: Whenever one or more nontoken creatures attack this turn, create that many 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens that are tapped and attacking.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.”				3	
Elspeth, Sun's Champion	4WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Elspeth 	[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.\n [-3]: Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater.\n [-7]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have flying.”				4	
Vivien, Champion of the Wilds	2G	Legendary Planeswalker — Vivien 	You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.\n [+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature gains vigilance and reach.\n [-2]: Look at the top three cards of your library. Exile one face down and put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. For as long as it remains exiled, you may cast it if it’s a creature spell.				4	
Chatterstorm	1G	Sorcery	Create a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Citywide Bust	1WW	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with toughness 4 or greater.					
Harvest Season	2G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control, put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Return from the Wilds	2G	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.\n • Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.\n • Create a Food token.					
Sram's Expertise	2WW	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.\n You may cast a spell with mana value 3 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost.					
Dawn of a New Age	1W	Enchantment	This enchantment enters with a hope counter on it for each creature you control.\n At the beginning of your end step, remove a hope counter from this enchantment. If you do, draw a card. Then if this enchantment has no hope counters on it, sacrifice it and you gain 4 life.					
Blood Fountain	B	Artifact	When this artifact enters, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this token: Draw a card.”)\n 3B, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.					
Dimir Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add UB.					
Golgari Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add BG.					
Rakdos Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add BR.					
Talisman of Creativity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add U or R. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Dominance	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add U or B. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Indulgence	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add B or R. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
The Indomitable	2UU	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	Trample\n Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.\n Crew 3\n You may cast this card from your graveyard as long as you control three or more tapped Pirates and/or Vehicles.		6	6		
Admiral Beckett Brass	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Other Pirates you control get +1/+1.\n At the beginning of your end step, gain control of target nonland permanent controlled by a player who was dealt combat damage by three or more Pirates this turn.		3	3		
Admiral Brass, Unsinkable	2UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	When this creature enters, mill four cards.\n At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may return target Pirate creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it. It has base power and toughness 4/4. It gains haste until end of turn. (If a creature with a finality counter on it would die, exile it instead.)		3	3		
Breeches, Brazen Plunderer	3R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Pirate 	Menace\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal damage to your opponents, exile the top card of each of those opponents’ libraries. You may play those cards this turn, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast those spells.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		3	3		
Breeches, Eager Pillager	2R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Pirate 	First strike\n Whenever a Pirate you control attacks, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —\n • Create a Treasure token.\n • Target creature can’t block this turn.\n • Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.					
Broadside Bombardiers	2R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	Menace, haste\n Boast — Sacrifice another creature or artifact: This Creature deals damage equal to 2 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value to any target. (Activate only if this creature attacked this turn and only once each turn.)		2	2		
Captain Lannery Storm	2R	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Haste\n Whenever this creature attacks, create a Treasure token.\n Whenever you sacrifice a Treasure, this creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.		2	2		
Captain Storm, Cosmium Raider	UR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Whenever an artifact you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target Pirate you control.		2	2		
Captain Vargus Wrath	UR	Legendary Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever Captain Vargus Wrath attacks, Pirates you control get +1/+1 until end of turn for each time you’ve cast a commander from the command zone this game.		1	1		
Captivating Crew	3R	Creature — Human Pirate 	3R: Gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.		4	3		
Changeling Outcast	B	Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n this creature can’t block and can’t be blocked.		1	1		
Charred Graverobber	2B	Creature — Skeleton Mercenary 	When this creature enters, return target outlaw card from your graveyard to your hand.\n Escape—3BB, Exile four other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)\n This creature escapes with a +1/+1 counter on it.		3	1		
Coercive Recruiter	4R	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever this creature or another Pirate you control enters, gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. Until end of turn, it gains haste and becomes a Pirate in addition to its other types.		4	3		
Corsair Captain	2U	Creature — Human Pirate 	When this creature enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)\n Other Pirates you control get +1/+1.		2	2		
Cutthroat Negotiator	2UR	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Parley — Whenever this creature attacks, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a tapped Treasure token. Then each player draws a card.		4	3		
Enterprising Scallywag	1R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	At the beginning of your end step, if you descended this turn, create a Treasure token. (You descended if a permanent card was put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.)		2	2		
Gemcutter Buccaneer	3R	Creature — Orc Pirate Artificer 	Whenever this creature or another Pirate you control enters, create a tapped Treasure token.\n Treasures you control are Equipment in addition to their other types and have “Equipped creature gets +2/+0,” equip Pirate 1, and equip 3.		1	3		
Graywater's Fixer	2BR	Creature — Lizard Mercenary 	Each outlaw creature card in your graveyard has encore X, where X is its mana value. (X, Exile this card from your graveyard: For each opponent, create a token copy that attacks that opponent this turn if able. They gain haste. Sacrifice them at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.)		4	4		
Hellspur Posse Boss	2RR	Creature — Lizard Rogue 	Other outlaws you control have haste. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n When this creature enters, create two 1/1 red Mercenary creature tokens with “T: Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”		2	4		
Hostage Taker	2UB	Creature — Human Pirate 	When this creature enters, exile another target creature or artifact until this creature leaves the battlefield. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast that spell.		2	3		
Kari Zev, Skyship Raider	1R	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	First strike, menace\n Whenever this creature attacks, create Ragavan, a legendary 2/1 red Monkey creature token. Ragavan enters tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat.		1	3		
Kitesail Freebooter	1B	Creature — Human Pirate 	Flying\n When this creature enters, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. Exile that card until this creature leaves the battlefield.		1	2		
Laughing Jasper Flint	1BR	Legendary Creature — Lizard Rogue 	Creatures you control but don’t own are Mercenaries in addition to their other types.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top X cards of target opponent’s library, where X is the number of outlaws you control. Until end of turn, you may cast spells from among those cards, and mana of any type can be spent to cast those spells.        		4	3		
Malcolm, Keen-Eyed Navigator	2U	Legendary Creature — Siren Pirate 	Flying\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal damage to your opponents, you create a Treasure token for each opponent dealt damage. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		2	2		
Marchesa, Dealer of Death	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you commit a crime, you may pay . If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard. (Targeting opponents, anything they control, and/or cards in their graveyards is a crime.)		3	4		
Moritte of the Frost	2GUU	Legendary Snow Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n You may have Moritte of the Frost enter as a copy of a permanent you control, except it’s legendary and snow in addition to its other types and, if it’s a creature, it enters with two additional +1/+1 counters on it and has changeling.		0	0		
Pirated Copy	4U	Creature — Shapeshifter Pirate 	You may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it’s a Pirate in addition to its other types and it has “Whenever this creature or another creature with the same name deals combat damage to a player, you draw a card.”		0	0		
Port Razer	3RR	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, untap each creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.\n This creature can’t attack a player it has already attacked this turn.		4	4		
Protean Raider	1UR	Creature — Shapeshifter Pirate 	Raid — If you attacked this turn, you may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield.		2	2		
The Z-Drive	3GU	Legendary Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a ripcord counter on The Z-Drive.\n 3GU, T: End the turn, this ability costs 3GU less if its your turn. If you do, draw a card for each ripcord counter on it and exile it, then, take an extra turn after this one.					
Spray and Prey (Twitch)	BG	Sorcery	Overload 3BG\n Target creature you control gains toxic 1 and “if this creature would deal combat damage to an opponent it deals that much combat damage to each opponent instead.” until end of turn.					
Merchant of the Sewers (Twitch)	3BB	Creature — Rat Citizen 	When this creature enters, proliferate.\n Whenever this creature leaves the battlefield, each opponent loses life equal to twice the number of poison counters they have, you gain life equal to the amount of life lost this way.		4	2		
Ramirez DePietro, Pillager	2UB	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	When Ramirez DePietro enters, you lose 2 life and create two Treasure tokens.\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player’s library. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled.		4	3		
Reckless Lackey	R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	First strike, haste\n 2R, Sacrifice this creature: Draw a card and create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)		1	2		
Roaming Throne	4	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Ward 2\n As this Roaming Throne enters, choose a creature type.\n Roaming Throne is the chosen type in addition to its other types.\n If a triggered ability of another creature you control of the chosen type triggers, it triggers an additional time.		4	4		
Skeleton Crew	3B	Creature — Skeleton Pirate 	Each other creature you control that’s a Skeleton or Pirate gets +1/+1.\n Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard, create a 2/2 black Skeleton Pirate creature token. (This ability triggers only from the battlefield.)\n 5B: Return this creature from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.		3	3		
Spectral Sailor	U	Creature — Spirit Pirate 	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)\n Flying\n 3U: Draw a card.		1	1		
Storm Fleet Negotiator	2U	Creature — Siren Pirate 	Flying\n Parley — Whenever this creature attacks, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a Map token. Then each player draws a card. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Sacrifice this token: Target creature you control explores. Activate only as a sorcery.”)		2	2		
Vial Smasher, Gleeful Grenadier	BR	Legendary Creature — Goblin Mercenary 	Whenever another outlaw you control enters, Vial Smasher deals 1 damage to target opponent. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)		3	2		
Zara, Renegade Recruiter	3UR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Flying\n Whenever Zara attacks, look at defending player’s hand. You may put a creature card from it onto the battlefield under your control tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Return that creature to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.		4	3		
At Knifepoint	1BR	Enchantment	During your turn, outlaws you control have first strike. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n Whenever you commit a crime, create a 1/1 red Mercenary creature token with “T: Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.” This ability triggers only once each turn.					
Blood Spatter Analysis	BR	Enchantment	When Blood Spatter Analysis enters, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever one or more creatures die, mill a card and put a bloodstain counter on Blood Spatter Analysis. Then sacrifice it if it has five or more bloodstain counters on it. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.					
Call to the Kindred	3U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top five cards of your library. If you do, you may put a creature card that shares a creature type with enchanted creature from among them onto the battlefield, then you put the rest of those cards on the bottom of your library in any order.					
Curiosity	U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.					
Double Down	3U		Whenever you cast an outlaw spell, copy that spell. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
Kindred Discovery	3UU	Enchantment	As this enchantment enters, choose a creature type.\n Whenever a creature you control of the chosen type enters or attacks, draw a card.					
Caught in the Crossfire	RR	Instant	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + 1 — This spell deals 2 damage to each outlaw creature. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n + 1 — This spell deals 2 damage to each non-outlaw creature.					
Dead Before Sunrise	3R	Instant	Until end of turn, outlaw creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain “T: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature.” (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
Fiery Cannonade	2R	Instant	This spell deals 2 damage to each non-Pirate creature.					
Secluded Courtyard		Land	As this land enters, choose a creature type.\n T: Add C.\n T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type or activate an ability of a creature source of the chosen type.					
Unclaimed Territory		Land	As this land enters, choose a creature type.\n T: Add C.\n T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type.					
Back in Town	X2B	Sorcery	Return X target outlaw creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
March of the Drowned	B	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.\n • Return two target Pirate cards from your graveyard to your hand.					
Orzhov Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add WB.					
Talisman of Hierarchy	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or B. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Resilience	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add B or G. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Invasion of Tolvada	3WB	Battle — Siege 	(As a Siege enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, exile it, then cast it transformed.)\n When this Siege enters, return target nonbattle permanent card from your graveyard to the battlefield.				5	
Anafenza, the Foremost	WBG	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	Whenever Anafenza attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on another target tapped creature you control.\n If a nontoken creature an opponent owns would die or a creature card not on the battlefield would be put into an opponent’s graveyard, exile that card instead.		4	4		
Crashing Drawbridge	2	Artifact Creature — Wall 	Defender\n T: Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn.		0	4		
Elves of Deep Shadow	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add B. This creature deals 1 damage to you.		1	1		
Eternal Witness	1GG	Creature — Human Shaman 	When this creature enters, you may return target card from your graveyard to your hand.		2	1		
Grim Flayer	BG	Creature — Human Warrior 	Trample\n Whenever Grim Flayer deals combat damage to a player, surveil 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)\n Delirium — TGrim Flayer gets +2/+2 as long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.		2	2		
Harmonic Sliver	1GW	Creature — Sliver 	All Slivers have “When this permanent enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment.”		1	1		
Izoni, Center of the Web	4BG	Legendary Creature — Elf Detective 	Menace\n Whenever Izoni enters or attacks, you may collect evidence 4. If you do, create two 2/1 black and green Spider creature tokens with menace and reach.\n Sacrifice four tokens: Surveil 2, then draw two cards. You gain 2 life.		5	4		
Karador, Ghost Chieftain	5WBG	Legendary Creature — Spirit Centaur 	Karador costs  less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.\n Once during each of your turns, you may cast a creature spell from your graveyard.		3	4		
Moon-Blessed Cleric	2W	Creature — Human Elf Cleric 	Divine Intervention — When this creature enters, you may search your library for an enchantment card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.					
Nikara, Lair Scavenger	2B	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Partner with Yannik, Scavenging Sentinel (When this creature enters, target player may put Yannik into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Menace\n Whenever another creature you control leaves the battlefield, if it had one or more counters on it, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.		2	2		
Polukranos, Unchained	2BG	Legendary Creature — Zombie Hydra 	Polukranos enters with six +1/+1 counters on it. It escapes with twelve +1/+1 counters on it instead.\n If damage would be dealt to Polukranos while it has a +1/+1 counter on it, prevent that damage and remove that many +1/+1 counters from it.\n 1BG: Polukranos fights another target creature.\n Escape—4BG, Exile six other cards from your graveyard.		0	0		
Priest of Fell Rites	WB	Creature — Human Warlock 	T, Pay 3 life, Sacrifice this creature: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. Activate only as a sorcery.\n Unearth 2WB (2WB: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)		2	2		
Reclamation Sage	2G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	When this creature enters, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.		2	1		
Saffi Eriksdotter	GW	Legendary Creature — Human Scout 	Sacrifice Saffi Eriksdotter: When target creature is put into your graveyard this turn, return that card to the battlefield.		2	2		
Skull Prophet	BG	Creature — Human Druid 	T: Add B or G.\n T: Mill two cards. (Put the top two cards of your library into your graveyard.)					
Timeless Witness	2GG	Creature — Human Shaman 	When this creature enters, return target card from your graveyard to your hand.\n Eternalize 5GG (5GG, Exile this card from your graveyard: Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 4/4 black Zombie Human Shaman with no mana cost. Eternalize only as a sorcery.)		2	1		
Torsten, Founder of Benalia	5GW	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	When Torsten enters, reveal the top seven cards of your library. Put any number of creature and/or land cards from among them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.\n When Torsten dies, create seven 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.		7	7		
Underrealm Lich	3BG	Creature — Zombie Elf 	If you would draw a card, instead look at the top three cards of your library, then put one into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.\n Pay 4 life: This creature gains indestructible until end of turn. Tap it.		4	3		
Vengeful Pharaoh	2BBB	Creature — Zombie 	Deathtouch\n Whenever combat damage is dealt to you or a planeswalker you control, if this creature is in your graveyard, destroy target attacking creature, then put this creature on top of your library.		5	4		
Yannik, Scavenging Sentinel	2GW	Legendary Creature — Hyena Beast 	Partner with Nikara, Lair Scavenger\n Vigilance\n When Yannik enters, exile another creature you control until Yannik leaves the battlefield. When you do, distribute X +1/+1 counters among any number of target creatures, where X is the exiled creature’s power.		3	3		
Abzan Ascendancy	WBG	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.\n Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.					
Binding the Old Gods	2BG	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I — Destroy target nonland permanent an opponent controls.\n II — Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.\n III — Creatures you control gain deathtouch until end of turn.					
Death's Oasis	WBG	Enchantment	Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, mill two cards. Then return a creature card with lesser mana value than the creature that died from your graveyard to your hand.\n 1, Sacrifice this enchantment: You gain life equal to the greatest mana value among creatures you control.					
Ethereal Absolution	4WB	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Creatures your opponents control get -1/-1.\n 2WB: Exile target card from an opponent’s graveyard. If it was a creature card, you create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.					
Hunting Grounds	GW	Enchantment	Threshold — As long as there are seven or more cards in your graveyard, Hunting Grounds has “Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may put a creature card from your hand onto the battlefield.”					
Insidious Roots	BG	Enchantment	Creature tokens you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”\n Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each Plant you control.					
Instill Energy	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature can attack as though it had haste.\n 0: Untap enchanted creature. Activate only during your turn and only once each turn.					
Oversold Cemetery	1B	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you have four or more creature cards in your graveyard, you may return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.					
Phyrexian Reclamation	B	Enchantment	1B, Pay 2 life: Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.					
Spirit-Sister's Call	3WB	Enchantment	At the beginning of your end step, choose target permanent card in your graveyard. You may sacrifice a permanent that shares a card type with the chosen card. If you do, return the chosen card from your graveyard to the battlefield and it gains “If this permanent would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else.”					
The Kenriths' Royal Funeral	2WB	Legendary Enchantment	When The Kenriths’ Royal Funeral enters, exile up to two target legendary creature cards from your graveyard. You draw X cards and you lose X life, where X is the greatest mana value among cards exiled this way.\n Legendary spells you cast cost  less to cast for each card exiled with The Kenriths’ Royal Funeral.					
Fracture	WB	Instant	Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or planeswalker.					
Power Word Kill	1B	Instant	Destroy target non-Angel, non-Demon, non-Devil, non-Dragon creature.					
Sylvan Reclamation	3GW	Instant	Exile up to two target artifacts and/or enchantments.\n Basic landcycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)					
Urgent Necropsy	2BG	Instant	As an additional cost to cast this spell, collect evidence X, where X is the total mana value of the permanents this spell targets.\n Destroy up to one target artifact, up to one target creature, up to one target enchantment, and up to one target planeswalker.					
Vanishing Verse	WB	Instant	Exile target monocolored permanent.					
Caves of Koilos		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or B. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Llanowar Wastes		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add B or G. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Sandsteppe Citadel		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add W, B, or G.					
Sunpetal Grove		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Forest or a Plains.\n T: Add G or W.					
Nissa of Shadowed Boughs	2BG	Legendary Planeswalker — Nissa 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put a loyalty counter on Nissa.\n [+1]: Untap target land you control. You may have it become a 3/3 Elemental creature with haste and menace until end of turn. It’s still a land.\n [-5]: You may put a creature card with mana value less than or equal to the number of lands you control onto the battlefield from your hand or graveyard with two +1/+1 counters on it.				4	
Duneblast	4WBG	Sorcery	Choose up to one creature. Destroy the rest.					
Eerie Ultimatum	WWBBBGG	Sorcery	Return any number of permanent cards with different names from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Find	B/GB/G	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.					Finality	4BG	Sorcery	You may put two +1/+1 counters on a creature you control. Then all creatures get -4/-4 until end of turn.					
Merciless Eviction	4WB	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Exile all artifacts.\n • Exile all creatures.\n • Exile all enchantments.\n • Exile all planeswalkers.					
Rite of Oblivion	WB		As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a nonland permanent.\n Exile target nonland permanent.\n Flashback 2WB (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Treasured Find	BG	Sorcery	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Treasured Find.					
Witherbloom Command	BG	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Target player mills three cards, then you return a land card from your graveyard to your hand.\n • Destroy target noncreature, nonland permanent with mana value 2 or less.\n • Target creature gets -3/-1 until end of turn.\n • Target opponent loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.					
Worm Harvest	2B/GB/GB/G	Sorcery	Create a 1/1 black and green Worm creature token for each land card in your graveyard.\n Retrace (You may cast this card from your graveyard by discarding a land card in addition to paying its other costs.)					
Nim Deathmantle	2	Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2, has intimidate, and is a black Zombie. (That creature can’t be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)\n Whenever a nontoken creature is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, you may pay 4. If you do, return that card to the battlefield and attach this Equipment to it.\n Equip 4					
Staff of Compleation	3	Artifact	T, Pay 1 life: Destroy target permanent you own.\n T, Pay 2 life: Add one mana of any color.\n T, Pay 3 life: Proliferate.\n T, Pay 4 life: Draw a card.\n 5: Untap this artifact.					
Blightbelly Rat	1B	Creature — Phyrexian Rat 	Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n When this creature dies, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		2	2		
Bloated Contaminator	2G	Creature — Phyrexian Beast 	Trample\n Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		4	4		
Body Launderer	2BB	Creature — Ogre Rogue 	Deathtouch\n Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, this creature connives.\n When this creature dies, return another target non-Rogue creature card with equal or lesser power from your graveyard to the battlefield.		3	3		
Cankerbloom	1G	Creature — Phyrexian Fungus 	1, Sacrifice this creature: Choose one —\n • Destroy target artifact.\n • Destroy target enchantment.\n • Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		3	2		
Contagious Vorrac	2G	Creature — Beast Boar Phyrexian 	When this creature enters, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. If you didn’t put a card into your hand this way, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		3	3		
Contaminant Grafter	4G	Creature — Phyrexian Druid 	Trample, toxic 1\n Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to one or more players, proliferate.\n Corrupted — At the beginning of your end step, if an opponent has three or more poison counters, draw a card, then you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.		5	5		
Deeproot Wayfinder	1G	Creature — Merfolk Scout 	Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player or battle, surveil 1, then you may return a land card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)		2	3		
Dune Mover	2	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Golem 	Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n When this creature enters, you may search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, then shuffle and put that card on top.		2	1		
Foundation Breaker	3G	Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, you may destroy target artifact or enchantment.\n Evoke 1G (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		2	2		
Fynn, the Fangbearer	1G	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Deathtouch\n Whenever a creature you control with deathtouch deals combat damage to a player, that player gets two poison counters.		1	3		
Genesis	4G	Creature — Incarnation 	At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature is in your graveyard, you may pay . If you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.		4	4		
Geth, Thane of Contracts	1BB	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian Zombie 	Other creatures you control get -1/-1.\n 1BB, T: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains “If this creature would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else.” Activate only as a sorcery.		3	4		
Green Slime	2G	Creature — Ooze 	Flash\n When this creature enters, counter target activated or triggered ability from an artifact or enchantment source. If a permanent’s ability is countered this way, destroy that permanent.\n Foretell G (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)		2	2		
Ichorclaw Myr	2	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Myr 	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)\n Whenever this creature becomes blocked, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.		1	1		
Karumonix, the Rat King	1BB	Legendary Creature — Phyrexian Rat 	Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Other Rats you control have toxic 1.\n When Karumonix enters, look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal any number of Rat cards from among them and put the revealed cards into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.		3	3		
Myr Convert	2	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Myr 	Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n T, Pay 2 life: Add one mana of any color.					
Necrogen Rotpriest	2BG	Creature — Phyrexian Zombie Cleric 	Toxic 2 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get two poison counters.)\n Whenever a creature you control with toxic deals combat damage to a player, that player gets an additional poison counter.\n 1BG: Target creature you control with toxic gains deathtouch until end of turn.		1	5		
Nimraiser Paladin	4B	Creature — Phyrexian Knight 	Toxic 2 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get two poison counters.)\n When this creature enters, return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to your hand.		4	4		
Pestilent Syphoner	1B	Creature — Phyrexian Insect 	Flying\n Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)		1	1		
Plague Myr	2	Artifact Creature — Phyrexian Myr 	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)\n T: Add 1.		1	1		
Pollenbright Druid	1G	Creature — Elf Druid 	When this creature enters, choose one —\n • Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.\n • Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		1	1		
Shriekmaw	4B	Creature — Elemental 	Fear (This creature can’t be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or black creatures.)\n When this creature enters, destroy target nonartifact, nonblack creature.\n Evoke 1B (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		3	2		
Venerated Rotpriest	G	Creature — Phyrexian Druid 	Toxic 1 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Whenever a creature you control becomes the target of a spell, target opponent gets a poison counter.		1	2		
Venomous Brutalizer	2GG	Creature — Knight Phyrexian 	Toxic 3 (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get three poison counters.)\n When this creature enters, you may pay 1G. If you do, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		4	4		
Viridian Corrupter	1GG	Creature — Phyrexian Elf Shaman 	Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)\n When this creature enters, destroy target artifact.		2	2		
Whispering Specter	1BB	Creature — Phyrexian Specter 	Flying\n Infect (This creature deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters and to players in the form of poison counters.)\n Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it. If you do, that player discards a card for each poison counter they have.		1	1		
Prey on the Weak	W	Instant	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + W — Exile target artifact or enchantment\n + BB — Exile target creature\n + UU — Exile target spell\n + WUB — Make a copy of each nonland card exiled this way, you may cast the copies without paying their mana costs. 					
Goliath Hatchery	4GG	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, create two 3/3 green Phyrexian Beast creature tokens with toxic 1. (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Corrupted — At the beginning of your upkeep, if an opponent has three or more poison counters, choose a creature you control, then draw cards equal to its total toxic value.					
Necrogen Communion	1B	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature you control\n Enchanted creature has toxic 2. (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get two poison counters.)\n When enchanted creature dies, return that card to the battlefield under your control.					
Ashnod's Intervention	B	Instant	Until end of turn, target creature gets +2/+0 and gains “When this creature dies or is put into exile from the battlefield, return it to its owner’s hand.”					
Atomize	2BG	Instant	Destroy target nonland permanent. Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)					
Fatal Push	B	Instant	Destroy target creature if it has mana value 2 or less.\n Revolt — Destroy that creature if it has mana value 4 or less instead if a permanent left the battlefield under your control this turn.					
Feign Death	B	Instant	Until end of turn, target creature gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.”					
Go for the Throat	1B	Instant	Destroy target nonartifact creature.					
Nature's Claim	G	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller gains 4 life.					
Shoot the Sheriff	1B	Instant	Destroy target non-outlaw creature. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
Access Tunnel		Land	T: Add C.\n 3, T: Target creature with power 3 or less can’t be blocked this turn.					
Blooming Marsh		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add B or G.					
Mirrex		Land — Sphere 	T: Add C.\n T: Add one mana of any color. Activate only if this land entered this turn.\n 3, T: Create a 1/1 colorless Phyrexian Mite artifact creature token with toxic 1 and “This token can’t block.” (Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)					
Necroblossom Snarl		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Swamp or Forest card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add B or G.					
Tainted Wood		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add B or G. Activate only if you control a Swamp.					
Viridescent Bog		Land	1, T: Add BG.					
Woodland Cemetery		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Swamp or a Forest.\n T: Add B or G.					
Nissa, Ascended Animist	3GGH/GH/G	Legendary Planeswalker — Nissa 					7	
Vraska, Betrayal's Sting	4BH/B	Legendary Planeswalker — Vraska 					6	
Expand the Sphere	3G	Sorcery	Look at the top six cards of your library. Put up to two land cards from among them onto the battlefield tapped and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order. If you put fewer than two lands onto the battlefield this way, proliferate a number of times equal to the difference. (To proliferate, choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)					
Lively Dirge	1B	Sorcery	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + 1 — Search your library for a card, put it into your graveyard, then shuffle.\n + 2 — Return up to two creature cards with total mana value 4 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Thirsting Roots	G	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.\n • Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)					
Thwart the Grave	4BB	Sorcery	This spell costs  less to cast for each creature in your party. (Your party consists of up to one of each of Cleric, Rogue, Warrior, and Wizard.)\n Return target creature card and up to one target Cleric, Rogue, Warrior, or Wizard creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Unearth	B	Sorcery	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Unnatural Restoration	1G	Sorcery	Return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. Proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)					
Wurmquake	4GG	Sorcery	Corrupted — Create an X/X green Phyrexian Wurm creature token with trample and toxic 1, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast this spell. Then for each opponent with three or more poison counters, you create another one of those tokens.\n Flashback 8GG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Alseid of Life's Bounty	W	Enchantment Creature — Nymph 	Lifelink\n 1, Sacrifice this creature: Target creature or enchantment you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.		1	1		
Eidolon of Blossoms	2GG	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Constellation — Whenever this creature or another enchantment you control enters, draw a card.		2	2		
Gloomshrieker	1BG	Enchantment Creature — Cat Beast 	Menace\n When this creature enters, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.\n If this creature would die, exile it instead.		2	1		
Jukai Naturalist	GW	Enchantment Creature — Human Monk 	Lifelink\n Enchantment spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.		2	2		
Sanctum Weaver	1G	Enchantment Creature — Dryad 	T: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of enchantments you control.		0	2		
Satyr Enchanter	1GW	Creature — Satyr Druid 	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.		2	2		
Setessan Champion	2G	Creature — Human Warrior 	Constellation — Whenever an enchantment you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature and draw a card.		1	3		
Spellbook Vendor	1W	Creature — Human Peasant 	Vigilance\n At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may pay 1. When you do, create a Sorcerer Role token attached to target creature you control. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature attacks, scry 1.”)					
Sythis, Harvest's Hand	GW	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Nymph 	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you gain 1 life and draw a card.		1	2		
The Peregrine Dynamo	3	Legendary Artifact Creature — Construct 	Haste\n 1, T: Copy target activated or triggered ability you control from another legendary source that’s not a commander. You may choose new targets for the copy. (Mana abilities can’t be targeted.)		1	5		
Umbra Mystic	2W	Creature — Human Wizard 	Auras attached to permanents you control have umbra armor. (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)		2	2		
All That Glitters	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each artifact and/or enchantment you control.					
Ancestral Mask	2G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 for each other enchantment on the battlefield.					
Aspect of Mongoose	1G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature has shroud. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities.)\n When this Aura is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return it to its owner’s hand.					
Audacity	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.\n When this Aura is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card.					
Carapace	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +0/+2.\n Sacrifice this Aura: Regenerate enchanted creature. (The next time this permanent would be destroyed this turn, it isn’t. Instead tap it.)					
Darksteel Mutation	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature is an Insect artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/1 and has indestructible, and it loses all other abilities, card types, and creature types.					
Daybreak Coronet	WW	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature with another Aura attached to it\n Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has first strike, vigilance, and lifelink.					
Dog Umbra	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Flash\n Enchant creature\n As long as another player controls enchanted creature, it can’t attack or block. Otherwise, this Aura has umbra armor. (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)					
Edge of the Divinity	W/B	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+2.\n As long as enchanted creature is black, it gets +2/+1.					
Enchantress's Presence	2G	Enchantment	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.					
Ethereal Armor	W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each enchantment you control and has first strike.					
Fertile Ground	1G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant land\n Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of any color.					
Grasp of Fate	1WW	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, for each opponent, exile up to one target nonland permanent that player controls until this enchantment leaves the battlefield. (Those permanents return under their owners’ control.)					
Hyena Umbra	W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has first strike.\n Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)					
Indrik Umbra	4GW	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +4/+4 and has first strike, and all creatures able to block it do so.\n Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)					
Journey to Eternity	1BG	Legendary Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature you control\n When enchanted creature dies, return it to the battlefield under your control, then return this card to the battlefield transformed under your control.					Atzal, Cave of Eternity		Legendary Land	(Transforms from Journey to Eternity.)\n T: Add one mana of any color.\n 3BG, T: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Lignify	1G	Kindred Enchantment — Treefolk Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature is a Treefolk with base power and toughness 0/4 and loses all abilities.	Bulgo paused, puzzled. What was that rustling sound, and why did he feel so stiff? And how could his *feet* be so thirsty?				
Lion Umbra	GG	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant modified creature\n Enchanted creature gets +3/+3 and has vigilance and reach.\n Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)					
Mantle of the Ancients	3WW	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature you control\n When this Aura enters, return any number of target Aura and/or Equipment cards from your graveyard to the battlefield attached to enchanted creature.\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Aura and Equipment attached to it.					
Ordeal of Erebos	1B	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice this Aura.\n When you sacrifice this Aura, target player discards two cards.					
Ordeal of Nylea	1G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Whenever enchanted creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it. Then if it has three or more +1/+1 counters on it, sacrifice this Aura.\n When you sacrifice this Aura, search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Ossification	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant basic land you control\n When this Aura enters, exile target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls until this Aura leaves the battlefield.					
Oubliette	1BB	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, target creature phases out until this enchantment leaves the battlefield. Tap that creature as it phases in this way. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)					
Rancor	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+0 and has trample.\n When this Aura is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, return it to its owner’s hand.					
Sage's Reverie	3W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n When this Aura enters, draw a card for each Aura you control that’s attached to a creature.\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each Aura you control that’s attached to a creature.					
Shield of the Oversoul	2G/W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n As long as enchanted creature is green, it gets +1/+1 and has indestructible.\n As long as enchanted creature is white, it gets +1/+1 and has flying.					
Spectra Ward	3WW	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from each color. This effect doesn’t remove Auras. (This permanent can’t be targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything each color.)					
Spider Umbra	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has reach. (It can block creatures with flying.)\n Umbra armor (If enchanted permanent would be destroyed, instead remove all damage from it and destroy this Aura.)					
Vraska Joins Up	BG	Legendary Enchantment	When Vraska Joins Up enters, put a deathtouch counter on each creature you control.\n Whenever a legendary creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.					
Wheel of Sun and Moon	G/WG/W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant player\n If a card would be put into enchanted player’s graveyard from anywhere, instead that card is revealed and put on the bottom of that player’s library.					
Wild Growth	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant land\n Whenever enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional G.					
Apostle's Blessing	1H/W	Instant	(H/W can be paid with either W or 2 life.)\n Target artifact or creature you control gains protection from artifacts or from the color of your choice until end of turn.					
Assassin's Trophy	BG	Instant	Destroy target permanent an opponent controls. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Blacksmith's Skill	W	Instant	Target permanent gains hexproof and indestructible until end of turn. If it’s an artifact creature, it gets +2/+2 until end of turn.					
Built to Last	W	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn. If it’s an artifact creature, it gains indestructible until end of turn.					
Mythos of Nethroi	2B	Instant	Destroy target nonland permanent if it’s a creature or if GW was spent to cast this spell.					
Not Dead After All	B	Instant	Until end of turn, target creature you control gains “When this creature dies, return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control, then create a Wicked Role token attached to it.” (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1. When this Aura is put into a graveyard, each opponent loses 1 life.)					
Royal Treatment	G	Instant	Target creature you control gains hexproof until end of turn. Create a Royal Role token attached to that creature. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has ward 1.)					
Temple of Malady		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add B or G.					
Vivien Reid	3GG	Legendary Planeswalker — Vivien 	[+1]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or land card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.\n [-3]: Destroy target artifact, enchantment, or creature with flying.\n [-8]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have vigilance, trample, and indestructible.”				5	
Call of the Death-Dweller	2B	Sorcery	Return up to two target creature cards with total mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Put a deathtouch counter on either of them. Then put a menace counter on either of them.					
Divine Reckoning	2WW	Sorcery	Each player chooses a creature they control. Destroy the rest.\n Flashback 5WW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Recommission	1W	Sorcery	Return target artifact or creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If a creature enters this way, it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.					
Return Triumphant	1W	Sorcery	Return target creature card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Create a Young Hero Role token attached to it. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature has “Whenever this creature attacks, if its toughness is 3 or less, put a +1/+1 counter on it.”)					
Ancient Cornucopia	2G	Artifact	Whenever you cast a spell that’s one or more colors, you may gain 1 life for each of that spell’s colors. Do this only once each turn.\n T: Add one mana of any color.	“I reckon that thing’s trying to put me out of a job!”                                                    —Bristly Bill, cactusfolk gardener				
Thought Vessel	2	Artifact	You have no maximum hand size.\n T: Add C.					
Invasion of Shandalar	3GG	Battle — Siege 	(As a Siege enters, choose an opponent to protect it. You and others can attack it. When it’s defeated, exile it, then cast it transformed.)\n When this Siege enters, return up to three target permanent cards from your graveyard to your hand.				4	
Armored Scrapgorger	1G	Creature — Phyrexian Beast 	This creature gets +3/+0 as long as it has three or more oil counters on it.\n T: Add one mana of any color.\n Whenever this creature becomes tapped, exile target card from a graveyard and put an oil counter on this creature.		0	3		
Baldin, Century Herdmaster	4WW	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	During your turn, each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.\n Whenever Baldin attacks, up to one hundred target creatures each get +0/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand.		0	7		
Birds of Paradise	G	Creature — Bird 	Flying\n T: Add one mana of any color.		0	1		
Devoted Druid	1G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.\n Put a -1/-1 counter on this creature: Untap this creature.					
Dinosaur Egg	1G	Creature — Dinosaur Egg 	Evolve (Whenever a creature you control enters, if that creature has greater power or toughness than this creature, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)\n When this creature dies, you may discover X, where X is its toughness.		0	3		
Doran, the Siege Tower	WBG	Legendary Creature — Treefolk Shaman 	Each creature assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.		0	5		
Flumph	1W	Creature — Jellyfish 	Defender, flying\n Whenever this creature is dealt damage, you and target opponent each draw a card.					
Gluntch, the Bestower	1GW	Legendary Creature — Jellyfish 	Flying\n At the beginning of your end step, choose a player. They put two +1/+1 counters on a creature they control. Choose a second player to draw a card. Then choose a third player to create two Treasure tokens.		0	5		
Incubation Druid	1G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce. If this creature has a +1/+1 counter on it, add three mana of that type instead.\n 3GG: Adapt 3. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put three +1/+1 counters on it.)		0	2		
Leafkin Druid	1G	Creature — Elemental Druid 	T: Add G. If you control four or more creatures, add GG instead.		0	3		
Myrkul, Lord of Bones	4WBG	Legendary Creature — God 	As long as your life total is less than or equal to half your starting life total, Myrkul has indestructible.\n Whenever another nontoken creature you control dies, you may exile it. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that card, except it’s an enchantment and loses all other card types.		7	5		
Ornithopter	0	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	Flying		0	2		
Overgrown Battlement	1G	Creature — Wall 	Defender\n T: Add G for each creature you control with defender.		0	4		
Sapling of Colfenor	3B/GB/G	Legendary Creature	Indestructible\n Whenever Sapling of Colfenor attacks, reveal the top card of your library. If it’s a creature card, you gain life equal to that card’s toughness, lose life equal to its power, then put it into your hand.		2	5		
Saruli Caretaker	G	Creature — Dryad 	Defender\n T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.		0	3		
Somberwald Sage	2G	Creature — Human Druid 	T: Add three mana of any one color. Spend this mana only to cast creature spells.		0	1		
Vine Trellis	1G	Creature — Plant Wall 	Defender (This creature can’t attack.)\n T: Add G.		0	4		
Wall of Omens	1W	Creature — Wall 	Defender\n When this creature enters, draw a card.		0	4		
Wall of Roots	1G	Creature — Plant Wall 	Defender\n Put a -0/-1 counter on this creature: Add G. Activate only once each turn.		0	5		
Assault Formation	1G	Enchantment	Each creature you control assigns combat damage equal to its toughness rather than its power.\n G: Target creature with defender can attack this turn as though it didn’t have defender.\n 2G: Creatures you control get +0/+1 until end of turn.					
Greed	3B	Enchantment	B, Pay 2 life: Draw a card.					
Kenrith's Transformation	1G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n When this Aura enters, draw a card.\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a green Elk creature with base power and toughness 3/3. (It loses all other card types and creature types.)					
Leyline of Abundance	2GG	Enchantment	If this card is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.\n Whenever you tap a creature for mana, add an additional G.\n 6GG: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.					
Ripples of Undeath	1B	Enchantment	At the beginning of your first main phase, mill three cards. Then you may pay  and 3 life. If you do, put a card from among those cards into your hand.	As the monster lay dying, it stared into the eyes of the human who slew it. Decades later, it has yet to break its gaze.				
Zendikar Resurgent	5GG	Enchantment	Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced. (The types of mana are white, blue, black, red, green, and colorless.)\n Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card.					
Dromoka's Command	GW	Instant	Choose two —\n • Prevent all damage target instant or sorcery spell would deal this turn.\n • Target player sacrifices an enchantment of their choice.\n • Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.\n • Target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.					
Concealed Courtyard		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add W or B.					
Isolated Chapel		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains or a Swamp.\n T: Add W or B.					
Murmuring Bosk		Land — Forest 	(T: Add G.)\n As this land enters, you may reveal a Treefolk card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add W or B. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Restless Fortress		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add W or B.\n 2WB: This land becomes a 1/4 white and black Nightmare creature until end of turn. It’s still a land.\n Whenever this land attacks, defending player loses 2 life and you gain 2 life.					
Scattered Groves		Land — Forest Plains 	(T: Add G or W.)\n This land enters tapped.\n Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Shifting Woodland		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Forest.\n T: Add G.\n Delirium — 2GG: This land becomes a copy of target permanent card in your graveyard until end of turn. Activate only if there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard.					
Shineshadow Snarl		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Plains or Swamp card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add W or B.	A flickering beacon of righteous corruption.				
Tainted Field		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or B. Activate only if you control a Swamp.					
Temple of Silence		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add W or B.					
Sorin, Vengeful Bloodlord	2WB	Legendary Planeswalker — Sorin 	During your turn, creatures and planeswalkers you control have lifelink.\n [+2]: Sorin deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.\n [-X]: Return target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard to the battlefield. That creature is a Vampire in addition to its other types.				4	
Creeping Renaissance	3GG	Sorcery	Choose a permanent type. Return all cards of the chosen type from your graveyard to your hand.\n Flashback 5GG (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Nature's Lore	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	From the cracks in the stone, she reads stories of the past. From the swirling vines, she glimpses visions of the future.				
Primal Command	3GG	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Target player gains 7 life.\n • Put target noncreature permanent on top of its owner’s library.\n • Target player shuffles their graveyard into their library.\n • Search your library for a creature card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.					
Three Visits	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for a Forest card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
