Name	Mana Cost	Type	Rules Text	Power	Toughness	Loyalty	Name 2	Mana Cost 2	Type 2	Rules Text 2	Power 2	Toughness 2	Loyalty 2	
Lucian, Grim Purifier	1WW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Partner with Senna, the Redeemer (When this creature enters, target player may put Senna into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Lucian has double strike as long as you cast a spell this turn.\n Whenever Lucian attacks, he deals damage equal to his power to target tapped creature, if Lucian has double strike copy this ability, you may choose new targets for the copy.	3	2		
Kalista, Undying Wraith	2UBR	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)\n As long as Kalista is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has “T: Put a spear counter on target creature opponent controls then double all spear counters on the creature or remove all spear counters from each creature then deal damage equal to the number of spear counters removed this way. Excess damage dealt this way is dealt to their controller.”              	3	5		
Gnar, Primal Curiosity	1RG	Legendary Creature — Yordle 	Whenever this creature deals or receives damage, put a rage counter on him. Then if he has 5 or more rage counters Transform Gnar, Primal Curiosity.	3	3		Mega Gnar, Enraged Titan		Legendary Creature — Yordle Giant 	Trample\n If Mega Gnar deals lethal damage to a creature, return it to its owners hand instead of their graveyard.\n Whenever this creature deals or receives damage, remove a rage counter from him then if he has no rage counters on him transform him, no counters can be placed on him until the end of your next turn.\n Whenever Mega Gnar attacks, choose one:\n • Defending player sacrifices artifacts with total mana value X. If they can’t, destroy all their artifacts, where X is his power.\n • Mega Gnar deals X damage to each creature defending player controls, where X is his toughness. 	6	8		
Xin-Zhao, Redeemed Reckoner	2W	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	First strike, vigilance, mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)\n Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, chose a creature blocking or blocked by Xin-Zhao prevent all damage dealt to Xin-Zhao except by the chosen creature.	2	1		
Dr. Mundo, Mad Practicioner	2BRG	Legendary Creature — Zombie Mutant 	Whenever a creature is dealt excess damage, deal that much damage to its controller and put a +1/+1 counter on Mundo.\n Whenever Mundo takes damage, deal that much damage to each other creature, then regenerate him. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn’t. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)	3	5		
Katarina, Sinister Blade	3BR	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Commander ninjutsu BR (BR, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand or the command zone tapped and attacking.)\n Whenever Katarina deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, deal 3 damage divided as you choose among up to three targets.	3	3		
Renata Glasc, Chem Baron	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	At the beginning of each opponents upkeep, draw a card and make a treasure token unless they goad each creature they control.	1	2		
Ahri, Alluring Conjurist	1GUR	Ahri, Alluring Conjurist — Fox Spirit	Whenever a creature you control but don’t own attacks, get an experience counter.\n At the beginning of combat, Gain control of target creature until end of turn with mana value less than or equal to the amount of experience counters you have, it gains +1/+1 for each experience counter you have and haste until end of turn.           	4	3		
Amumu, Sad Mummy	1BGU	Legendary Creature — Zombie 	Deathtouch\n If Amumu would get -X/-X from a counter, a spell or an ability it gets +X/+X instead\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls leaves the battlefield, if it had counters on it. you may put those counters on amumu if you do draw a card.	2	6		
Ashe, Bow of Freljord	WU	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Archer 	Reach\n When Ashe enters the battlefield you become the monarch  (The monarch draws a card at the beginning of their end step. Whenever the monarch is dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the monarch.)\n At the beginning of your endstep if you are the monarch each opponent draws a card.	3	3		
Azir, Sand Sculptor	2GGWW	Legendary Creature — Bird God 	Indestructible\n Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)\n Whenever Azir enters or attacks, for each desert you control create a 1/1 colorless sand creature token.\n As long as you have the city’s blessing, deserts you control have “Sand creatures you control have +1/+1.”	6	3		
Brand, Searing Pyroclast	RRR	Legendary Creature — Elemental Spirit 	Haste\n Whenever a creature or player is dealt lethal damage from a noncombat source you control, add R to your mana pool and exile the top card of your library, you may play that card until end of turn.	4	2		
Braum, Shield of Freljord	1WUU	Legendary Creature — Human 	Defender\n While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose at least one Flagbearer on the battlefield if able.\n If Braum would be destroyed for the first time this turn, prevent it.	1	8		
Corki, Daring Bombardier	URR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Thopter 	Vehicle spells you cast have blitz. the blitz cost is equal to its mana cost.\n Whenever a vehicle enters, if it was cast for its blitz cost it becomes a creature until end of turn and gains +X/+X where X is the number of times you have cast your commander from the command zone.\n At the beginning of your endstep, you may return any number of non-creature vehicles to your hand, for each card returned this way create a 1/1 colorless thopter artifact creature token with flying.	2	2		
Diana, Midnight Emissary	2WB	Legendary Planeswalker — Diana 	It becomes night as Diana enters, as long as it is night you may activate Diana’s abilities as though they had flash if you do it becomes day at the start of the next turn.\n [+1]: You may tap an untapped creature you control. if you do, target permanent abilities cannot be activated this turn unless they are mana abilities.\n [-2]: draw a card for each tapped creature an opponent controls.\n [-5]: You get an emblem with “As long as its night, spells you cast have flash”.\n Partner with Leona, Solar Herald\n Diana, Midnight Emissary can be your commander.        			3	
Aatrox, Imminent Apocolypse	5BR	Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Haste, flying, menace\n When Aatrox enters on your turn, or an opponent loses the game, each opponent sacrifices a creature, untap all creatures you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.\n Only darkins can attack during extra combats.      	5	5		
Akshan, Rogue Sentinel	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Double strike, invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever a spell or effect an opponent controls destroys a creature you control, that player gains a scoundrel counter.\n Whenever Akshan deal combat damage to a scoundrel, remove all scoundrel counters from all players and return target creature from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.	3	3		
Akali, Silent Reckoning	3UB	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Commander ninjutsu 1UB: This ability costs 2 more to activate for each time you have activated it from the command zone this game.\n Whenever Akali deals combat damage to a player, you may return any number of unblocked creatures you control to their owners hand. If you do, draw that many cards and your next spell costs X less to cast where X is the number of creatures returned to your hand this way.                 	3	2		
Alistar, Unbreakable Vengeance	1RG	Legendary Creature — Minotaur 	Trample\n If a source would deal non combat damage to you or a creature you control, it deals half that much instead.\n if Alistar would deal lethal damage to a creature, return it to its owners hand instead.\n Whenever Alistar deals combat damage to a player, clash with that player\n Whenever you win a clash draw a card put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control then gain three life                                                                                                     	3	3		
Annie, Cursed by Kindle	BR	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever you cast a spell, deal 1 damage to each opponent, if this is the fourth time this has resolved this turn, make a 4/4 legendary black and red bear token named Tibbers with Decayed and “Whenever this creature attacks, exile the top two cards of your library you may play those cards as long you have cast another spell this turn.” (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)	2	2		
Anivia, The Eternal Frost	3UUU	Legendary Creature — Phoenix God 	Flying\n Whenever one or more creatures become tapped, if they are not attacking, draw that many cards.\n Whenever Anivia dies, tap all creatures, they don’t untap on their next untap step, and return Anivia to the battlefield transformed under its owners control.	6	6		Eggnivia Frozen Over 		Legendary Creature — Egg God 	At the beginning of your upkeep, add a time counter to Eggnivia, then if there are 3 or more time counters on Eggnivia, exile her and return her to the battlefield transformed under their owners control.	0	3		
Aphelios, Moons Marksman	1WB	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	Partner with Alune, Sibling of Faith (When this creature enters, target player may put Alune into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n This creature gets +1/+1 for each equipment attached to it.\n The first aura spell you cast that targets Aphelios cost X less to cast where X is the number of equipment attached to Aphelios.         	2	2		
Aurelion Sol, Starweaver	4UUU	Legendary Planeswalker — Aurelion 	[+2]: Draw two cards, you may exile a card from your hand, if you do put a stardust counter on it.\n [-3]: For each player, exile up to one permanent that player controls. Put a stardust counter on each permanent exiled this way .\n [-9]: Make a copy of each spell in exile with a stardust counter, you may play those spells without paying their mana costs.\n Aurelion Sol, Starweaver can be your commander.			4	
Bard, Cosmic Vagabond	GWU	Legendary Planeswalker — Bard 	[+1]: Each player makes a food token, draws a card and gains 3 life.\n [-2]: Tap up to two nonland permanents and put stun counters on them. An opponent may exile a permanents they control with a stun counter on it, if they do exile all permanents with stun counters on them.\n [-7]: Put any number of permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield.\n Bard, Cosmic Vagabond can be your commander.			3	
Bel'Veth, Matron of Madness	1WB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Fish 	Whenever Bel’Veth attacks, you may sacrifice a permanent that does not share a card type with a card in the void. If you do, draw a card.\n Revolt -- At the beginning of each endstep, if a permanent you control left the battlefield, if it was put into your hand or graveyard, you may consume it instead, then if there are 5 or more permanents in the void transform Bel’Veth.        	3	2		Shurima, the Lavender Sea		Legendary Land — Desert 	T: Return a permanent card from the void to the battlefield with a finality counter.\n T: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of cards in the void.				
Blitzcrank, Rolling Golem	7	Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem 	1U, T: Exile target creature an opponent controls.\n 3R: Untap Blitzcrank, return a card exiled with Blitzcrank to its owners control. Blitzcrank deals damage equal to its power to its controller.	3	3		
Caitlyn, Piltover Peacekeeper	1WU	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Partner with Vi\n First strike\n Spells you control have flash as long as Caitlyn is blocking.\n Whenever a creature attacks you, a planeswalker or a battle you defend, look at the top X cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library where X is the number of attacking creatures. 	3	1		
Camille, Hextech Tactician	1WUB	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Camille can only attack players who have the monarch.\n When Camille enters, you become the monarch. (The monarch draws a card at the beginning of their end step. Whenever the monarch is dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the monarch.)\n Whenever Camille attacks, exile target creature defending player controls with mana value less than the number of cards in your hand.	4	7		
Cassiopeia, Serpents Gaze	1BG	Legendary Creature — Human Snake Noble 	Deathtouch\n Whenever a snake creature you control deals lethal damage to a creature, exile it instead of putting it into its owners graveyard.\n You may cast spells exiled with Cassiopeia for as long as they remained exiled. If you do, they are artifact art spells in addition to their other types. (Art creatures can’t attack, block and their abilities can’t be activated)	2	4		
Cho'Gath, Hunger Incarnate	4BRG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Eminence — If a card were to be put into exile, if Cho’Gath is on the battlefield or in the command zone, consume it instead.\n Trample\n Cho’gath gets +X/+X, where X is the number of cards in the void.\n Whenever Cho’Gath deals combat damage to a player, consume that many cards from the top of that players library.	3	3		
Darius, Hand of Noxus	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Menace\n Whenever a warrior deals combat damage to an opponent, that player gains a bleed counter. For as long as that player has one or more bleed counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of bleed counters on them then remove a bleed counter from them.	4	6		
Draven, Glorius Gladiator	2BR	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Haste\n T: Unattach an equipment you control: Draven deals X damage to any target where X is the mana value of the unequipped equipment, when a creature dealt damage this way dies create Y treasure tokens where Y is the number of adoration counters you have.\n Whenever you attach an equipment to Draven, gain a adoration counter. This ability triggers only once each turn.	3	1		
Ekko, Timewinder	GU	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	T, put a card from your hand on top of your library: End the current phase. After this phase there is an additional upkeep, draw and main phase, activate only as a sorcery and only on your turn.\n “ahh, that fresh smart smell”	2	1		
Elise, Spider Monarch	BRG	Legendary Creature — Spider Horror 	Menace\n Whenever a spider deals combat damage to a player, create a blood token.\n Whenever a spider enters under your control, tap target creature if that creature is already tapped it deals damage equal to its power to that creature.\n You may cast spider spells from your graveyard, as an additional cost to cast spells this way sacrifice X blood tokens Where X is that spells mana value.	3	3		
Evelynn, Maiden of Anguish	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Demon 	Goaded creatures can’t be blocked.\n When Evelynn enters, goad X creatures, where X is the amount of times you have cast your commander from the command zone this game. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)\n Whenever a goaded creature attacks, its controllers loses 3 life and discards a card unless that opponent sacrifices the creature or have you draw a card and gain 3 life.	3	3		
Ezreal, Daring Archeoligist	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, the next spell you cast costs 2 less to cast. If it’s the second time resolving this ability, instead deal 2 damage to any target. If it’s the third time, exile Ezreal then return him to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2	3		
Fiddlesticks, Whispering Terror	2BB	Legendary Creature — Scarecrow Horror 	At the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control a creature named Scarecrow Effigy, create a 0/1 colorless scarecrow artifact creature token named Scarecrow Effigy with “All creatures able to block  Scarecrow Effigy do so.”\n Whenever a scarecrow you control deals combat damage to a player, you lose a life, draw a card and scarecrow spells cost 1 less to cast this turn.	4	1		
Fiora, Honored Duelest	RWW	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	First strike, vigilance \n At the beginning of combat, choose an opponent at random. Whenever Fiora deals combat damage to that player this turn, gain 3 life and draw a card.	3	2		
Fizz, Playful Prankster	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Fish 	When Fizz enters, exile each other creature you control they become plotted. (You may cast it as a sorcery on a later turn without paying its mana cost.)\n Whenever a creature enters under your control, if it was not played from your hand target opponent makes a 1/1 blue fish creature token, if that player has five or more fish exile them, if you do create a 5/5 Blue shark token.	3	3		
Galio, Bulwark of Demacia	4	Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem 	Indestructible, Ward 10\n Galio is not a creature as long as there is a slumber counter on it.\n Galio enters with 20 slumber counters on it.\n Whenever an opponent casts an instant or sorcery spell remove X Slumber counters from Galio Where X is that spells mana value, if no mana was spent to cast that spell counter it and  Remove twice that many counters instead.   	10	10		
Gangplank, Burning Vengeance	UBRG	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)\n Whenever Gangplank or another pirate leave your graveyard, deal 2 damage to target player. Create a tapped treasure token.\n Pirates you control have unearth, their unearth cost is equal to their mana cost, you may spend mana only from treasures to pay this cost.               	3	5		
Garen, Might of Demacia	2WW	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	Vigilance, enlist (As this creature attacks, you may tap a nonattacking creature you control without summoning sickness. When you do, add its power to this creature’s until end of turn.)\n Other creatures you control have enlist.\n Creatures you control have haste and defender as long as they have entered this turn.\n Whenever you enlist a creature, create a 1/1 white human soldier token.	2	2		
Gragas, Bottomless Barrel	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Giant Iceborn 	Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, make a food token.\n Whenever you sacrifice a food, the next spell you cast this turn costs 2 less and can be cast as though it had flash.	3	4		
Graves, Destined Outlaw	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	Menace\n If a creature dealing combat damage to a player would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.\n Whenever Graves deals combat damage to a player, they choose one: You draw a card or you make a treasure.	3	1		
Gwen, Arcane Weaved	WBG	Legendary Artifact Creature — Spirit Construct 	Lifelink, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Whenever Gwen attacks or blocks, you may sacrifice an aura attached to gwen. If you do, search your library for an enchantment card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed enchantment’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.      	3	4		
Hecarim, Endless Torment	4BR	Legendary Creature — Spirit Horse 	Haste\n Whenever a nontoken creature dies, gain 2 life.\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may pay up to X life and make X tapped 2/2 spirit horse tokens where X is the number of times you have descended this turn.          (You descended if a permanent card was put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.)	5	4		
Heimerdinger, Obsessed Inventor	2UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	Whenever Heimerdinger or another artificer enters the battlefield amass artifact T-hex 1.\n The first spell you cast on each of your turns costs X less to cast Where X is the greatest power among artifact tokens you control	2	2		
Illaoi, Truthbearer	2BGU	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Tentacles you control have lifelink.\n Whenever Illaoi enters or attacks, create a 1/1 blue tentacle creature token. Illaoi fights target creature you don’t control.\n Whenever Illaoi fights a creature an opponent controls, each tentacle deals 1 damage to it.\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, if it was dealt damage by Illaoi this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on each tentacle you control.	4	5		
Irelia, The Blade Dancer	RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ally 	Vigilance\n Whenever Irelia or another ally enters, create an artifact equipment token named Quickblade that has “When Quickblades enters, attach it to a creature you control. Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and if Equipped creature has exactly 6 equipment attached to it, the creature gains an additional +2/+2.” and equip 2.	3	3		
Ivern, Reborn Mystic	1GG	Legendary Creature — Treefolk Mystic 	When Ivern enters, put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control for each time you have cast your commander from the command zone, it becomes a legendary 0/0 elemental creature named Daisy, it’s still a land.\n At the beginning of combat, untap all modified lands you control then put a +1/+1 counter on them prevent all combat that would be dealt to them this turn. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)	2	3		
Janna, Tempest's Grace	1GWU	Legendary Planeswalker — Janna 	[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with flying then put a flying counter on another target creature you control.\n [-3]: Draw a card for each creature you control with flying.\n [-8]: You get an emblem with “ Whenever you cast a creature spell return target permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand. If that creature spell had flying return up to three permanents instead.\n Janna, Tempest’s Grace can be your commander.			4	
Jarvan The Fourth	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	When Jarvan enters, search your library for an aura or equipment with mana value X or less, attached to a creature an opponent controls, where X is the amount of times you’ve cast your commander this game.\n Equipment you control gain “equipped creature is goaded”.\n You may attach equipment to creatures your opponents control.	2	5		
Jax, Grandmaster at Arms	RW	Legendary Creature — Troll Warrior 	Haste\n Activated abilities of artifacts attached to Jax can’t be activated unless they are equip abilities.\n Artifacts you control are equipment in addtion to its other types its equip cost is equal to half its mana value rounded up and give it “+X/+X where X is this artifacts mana value.”\n As long as Jax has five or more equipment attached to him. He gains +0/+5 First strike and vigilance.	2	2		
Jayce, Protector of Today	2URW	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Vigilance\n T: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen —\n • Deal 3 damage to any target.\n • Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn.\n • Transform Jayce, Protector of Today.      	2	5		Jayce, Tyrant of Tomorrow		Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)\n Whenever Jayce attacks, choose one that hasn’t been chosen —\n • Jayce gains +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn.\n • Return target creature defending player controls to its owners hand.\n • Transform Jayce, Tyrant of Tomorrow.	5	2		
Jhin, Cold Open	4	Legendary Creature — Human Artist 	WUBR, T: Deal 1 damage to any target, if the target would die from this effect increase the damage by 1 and choose an additional target, a maximum of 4 targets can be chosen this way.\n At the beginning of each end step, if exactly 4 creatures died this turn, create an artifact token named Grim Rose with “T, Sacrifice: Add 4 mana of any combination of colors to your mana pool.”	4	4		
Jinx, Pow Pow and Fishbones	2BRG	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Cleave BRG (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)\n Haste\n T: Deal 1 damage to any target [If a player was dealt damage this way deal that amount of damage to each creature and planeswalker that player controls.]\n Whenever a creature dies if it was dealt damage by Jinx this turn untap Jinx.	3	3		
K'Sante, Umber Bastion	3WBG	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Ward X, where X is his toughness (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays X.)\n Whenever a creature  attacks, you may swap that creatures power and toughness. If you control that creature, it gains lifelink until and of turn.\n Whenever a non-token creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature with lesser power, if no counter were placed this way, the creatures controller draws a card and gains 3 life.          	3	7		
Kai'Sa, Bound to Ruin	2UR	Legendary Creature — Voidling Human 	Haste\n T: Deal 1 damage to any target if  there are three or more instants or sorceries in your graveyard deal 3 damage instead.\n as long as you control 2 or more other creatures, Kai’Sa has hexproof.\n As long as there are 3 or more instants or sorceries in your graveyard, if Kai’Sa would deal noncombat damage, she deals that much plus two instead.	3	3		
Karma, Mantra Master	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	Karma and other shamans you control enter with a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)\n During your turn you may cast an instant and a sorcery card as though it had harmonize. It’s harmonize cost is equal to 4 plus its mana cost.	4	3		
Karthus, Voice of Ruin	2BB	Legendary Creature — Spirit Shaman 	Deathtouch\n Whenever another creature you control dies, put a requiem counter on Karthus.\n When Karthus dies, put X -1/-1 counters on each creature you don’t control and create X 1/1 white and black spirit tokens with flying, where X is the number of requiem counters on Karthus.	2	3		
Kassadin, Riftwalker	4UBR	Legendary Creature — Human  Voidling 	Warp RU/RB/R\n When Kassadin enter, and was cast, exile target nonland permanent, its controller consumes card from the top of their library until they exile a permanent that shares a card type or mana value with that permanent, then if that player has no cards left in their library kassadin deals damage equal to their life total to that player.\n Whenever Kassadin attacks, you may consume him, if you do, at the beginning of the next endstep, you may return him and another creature card from any void to the battlefield under your control.	3	3		
Kayle, Angel of Punishment	1WW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying, vigilance\n Rival with Morgana, Angel of Redemption (As this creature enters, if you control Morgana , you must phase out Kayle, Angel of Punishment or Morgana until the other leaves the battlfield.)\n While Morgana is Rivaled, Kayle gets +3/+3 and becomes a God in addition to her other types.\n Whenever Kayle attacks, exile target nonland permanent with mana value X or less until Kayle leaves the battlefield or is phased out, where X is her power.              	3	3		
Kayn, Shadow Assassin	4UB	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever Kayn deals combat damage to a player, choose one —\n • Put three +1/+1 counters on Kayn for as long as he has a counter on him he loses all other abilities and can’t be blocked.\n • Transform Kayn under defending players control.    	7	4		Rhaast, Form Unbound		Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Lifelink\n Rhaast must attack each combat if able and can’t attack its owner or planeswalkers.\n Whenever Rhaast deals combat damage to a player, that player gains control of Rhaast. You control that player’s next turn.	4	7		
Kennen, Eye of the Storm	1UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Ninja 	Storm\n Haste\n The legend rule does not apply to creatures you control named Kennen, Eye of the Storm.\n At the beginning of each end step, return Kennen to its owner’s hand.	2	1		
Kha'Zix, Ever Adaptive	1BG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Insect 	Whenever Kha’zix attacks, you may exile a creature from any graveyard, Kha’zix gets +1/+1 for each creature exiled this way, if that creature had first strike Kha’zix has first strike, the same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, skulk, trample, and vigilance. (This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.)	3	2		
Kindred, Lamb of Light	2WB	Legendary Creature — Sheep Incarnation 	Partner with Kindred, the Black Wolf (When this creature enters, target player may put Kindred into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls, for as long as that creature has a bounty counter on it, it gains “whenever this creature dies each opponent draws a card and puts a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature they control”.	4	1		
Kled, The Mountain Admiral	RWB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Berserker 	Haste, first strike\n Whenever a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies note its name for the rest of the game.\n Kled gets +1/+1 for each creature noted this way and an additional +1+/1 if that creature was legendary. 	4	2		
Kog'Maw, Looming Feast	BG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Reach\n Whenever you sacrifice a nontoken permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Kog’Maw.\n When Kog’Maw dies, return him to the battlefield at the beginning of the next upkeep with X +1/+1 counters, haste and trample, where X is his power, Exile him at the beginning of the next end step.	2	2		
LeBlanc, Mirrored Mystery	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Creatures you control with a cipher cannot be blocked.\n Whenever you cast a instant or sorcery spell for the first time on each of your turns it has gains cipher.\n Cypher’s embedded by Leblanc can only trigger once each turn.	2	2		
Lee Sin, Sightless Master	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	Multikicker 1U/R\n When Lee Sin enters, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls for each time it was kicked.\n Whenever a card is put into its owners hand from anywhere but their library, put a +1/+1 counter on Lee Sin then he deals damage equal to his power to its owner.	4	3		
Leona, Solar Herald	2WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Leona 	It becomes day as Leona enters. As long as it is day you may activate Leona’s abilities as though they had flash. If you do, it becomes night at the start of the next turn.\n [+1]: You may untap up to one tapped creature you control. If you do, you may tap target Nonland permanent an opponent controls.\n [-3]: Exile target tapped nonland permanent.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “As long as its day, untap all permanents you control during each other player’s untap step.”\n Partner with Diana, Midnight Emissary\n Leona, Solar Herald can be your commander.			4	
Lillia, Full Bloom	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Centaur Spirit 	Trample\n When Lillia enters, tap target creature an opponent controls for as long as you control Lillia.\n Whenever Lillia attacks, she gets +X/+X then look at the top X cards of your library, put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order, where X is the number of tapped nonland permanents defending player controls.         	2	2		
Ice Witch Lissandra	3UB	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	T, Exert Lissandra: Tap target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controllers next untap step. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, untap each tapped creature you control and put two +1/+1 counters on them.	3	6		
Lulu, Unknown Mischief	RGWU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Wizard 	Whenever Lulu enters the battlefield or attacks each player chooses a nonland permanent they control with mana value 1 or greater, put those cards on the bottom of their owners library then each player discovers X where X the mana value of the card put to the bottom this way.\n If a creature would enter the battlefield if it wasn’t cast from hand its has base power and toughness 1/1 and is a squirrel in addtion to its other creature types	2	3		
Lux, The Last Light	1WW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, put a illumination counter on it.\n Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy and instant or sorcery spell, tap target creature an opponent controls.\n W, T: Deal X damage to target creature, where X is the number of illumination counters on it.    	3	3		
Malphite, Roaming Range	2RR	Legendary Creature — Giant Golem 	Malphite enters tapped with two slumber counters on it.\n As long as Malphite has a slumber counter on it, it’s a land. (it’s not a creature)\n Landfall — Whenever a land enters under your control, you may remove a slumber counter from Malphite, if you do, create a 3/3 colorless golem creature token.\n T: Add RR	7	8		
Malzahar, Betrayer of Humanity	2WUB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Cleric 	Spells you cast from anywhere but your hand Cost 1 less to cast for each time you have cast your commander from the command zone this game.\n Whenever Malzahar or a desert enters under your control, consume the top card of each players library.\n You may play cards from the void and spend mana as though it were any color when casting spells this way.	4	6		
Maokai, Eternal Evergreen	5BG	Legendary Creature — Elemental Avatar 	Maokai’s power and toughness are equal to the number of lands you control.\n Whenever Maokai attacks create a 3/3 sapling land creature token with “T, Sacrifice this creature: Add BG.”\n At the beginning of your end step, if you control 12 or more lands transform Maokai, Eternal Evergreen.	*	*		The Roots of The Isle		Legendary Land	T: Add BG, create a 3/3 sapling land creature token with “T, Sacrifice this creature: Add BG.”\n Whenever a land is put into your graveyard from anywhere, each opponent loses 3 life and you draw a card				
Master Yi of Great Insight	2GWU	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	First strike, vigilance \n Creatures you control with vigilance have “T: regenerate this creature.”\n Whenever a creature you control with vigilance attacks, you may tap that creature. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, otherwise, those creatures gain lifelink until end of turn.	4	6		
Miss Fortune, Captain of Tyranny	3UR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Whenever a vehicle you control attacks, exile target creature you don’t control until the vehicle leaves the battlefield, its controller may cast if for as long as it is exiled. If they do, you create treasure tokens equal to its mana value.\n Vehicles you control have “T X: Put a creature card with mana value X or less exiled by this vehicle into its owners graveyard. Spend mana only from treasures to activate this ability.”              	4	3		
Mordekaiser, Immortal Bastion	BB	Legendary Creature — Zombie God 	Deathtouch\n Mordekaiser enters with eight revival counters.\n Whenever a nontoken creature dies, remove a revival counter from Mordekaiser.\n As long as there are one or more revival counters on Mordekaiser, he is not a creature.\n When the last revival counter is removed, choose target creature an opponent controls then all other creatures except that creature and Mordekaiser phase out until your next turn.	8	8		
Morgana, Angel of Redemption	2BB	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Hexproof\n Rival with Kayle, Angel of Punishment (As this creature enters, if you control Kayle , you must phase out Morgana, Angel of Redemption or Kayle until the other leaves the battlfield.)\n While Kayle is rivaled, Morgana gets +2/+2 and becomes a God in addition to her other types.\n Whenever a nonland permanent enters under an opponents control, if it was not cast, its controller exiles it unless they pay 3 life. If Morgana is a god they must pay 6 life rather than 3.  	3	3		
Nami, Seabound Archon	2GU	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Cleric 	Whenever Nami or another merfolk enters under your control, untap up to one tapped permanent and tap another untapped permanent.\n Whenever a merfolk you control becomes untapped, it gains +1/+1 until end of turn.	3	2		
Nasus, Ascended Strategist	2WUB	Legendary Creature — Dog God 	Lifelink, ascend\n Creatures your opponents control with power 0 or less lose all abilities and can’t gain abilities.\n At the beginning of your endstep, if you have cities blessing, you may choose any number of creatures, they get -X/-0 until your next turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand.    	4	3		
Nautilus, Sunken Titan	6UUB	Legendary Creature — Giant Horror 	Delve\n Exile each card delved this way with a depth counter on it.\n Whenever Nautilus attacks, defending player makes a villainous choice — You may return 2 cards with depth counter on them from exile to your hand, or you may cast a spell with a depth counter on it without paying its mana cost.	4	12		
Neeko, Shapesplitter	GUR	Legendary Creature — Salamander Shapeshifter 	Kicker GU (You may pay an additional GU as you cast this spell.)\n Neeko enters as a copy of a creature on the battlefield, except it keeps it’s name and it is legendary.\n As you cast this spell, if it was kicked, copy it except the copies name is Not Neeko and it loses this ability and gains “Whenever Wrong Neeko takes damage, sacrifice it”.	0	0		
Nidalee, Ixtal's Protector	1RG	Legendary Creature — Human Cat 	Non-Human creatures you control gain +1/+1 and have protection from humans\n Whenever three or more non-Human creatures deal combat damage, transform Nidalee Ixtal’s Protector.	3	2		Jungle Cat Nidalee		Legendary Creature — Giant Cat 	Non-Human Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have protection from humans and artifacts you don’t control.\n Whenever one or more non-Human creatures deal combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices an artifact and you draw a card.           	6	4		
Nilah, Seven Handed	GWUB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Lifelink\n Whenever you gain life from any source, each opponent gains that much life.\n At the beginning of your end step, for each opponent, draw a card unless its controller taps a creature with power greater than the amount of life they have gained this turn.\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, if its power is greater than Nilah’s, put a stun counter on that creature then put a +1/+1 counter on Nilah.	5	3		
Nocturne, Living Nightmare	3BB	Legendary Creature — Demon Nightmare 	As Nocturne enters, put a paranoid counter on each creature your opponents control, they gain “this creature can’t block horrors, demons and nightmares” and “At the beginning of your upkeep you may tap this creature to remove all paranoid counters. For as long as the creature has a paranoid counter on it.”\n Whenever Nocturne attacks, return a nightmare or horror creature with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the amount of paranoid counters that are on permanents defending player controls. 	5	3		
Nunu, Savior of Winter	U	Legendary Snow Creature — Iceborn Demigod 	Partner with Willump\n Whenever a nontoken snow permanent enters, create a snowball snow equipment token named Snowball with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice snowball: Tap target creature.’” and equip 2.	0	2		
Olaf, Might of Lokfar	2RR	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	Whenever Olaf attacks, he gains indestructible until your next end step.\n Whenever a creature is dealt lethal damage from Olaf, he deals damage equal to that creatures toughness to its controller and you.	4	3		
Orianna, Manufactured Beauty	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Golem Construct 	Vehicles you control are creature golems in addition to their other types.\n T: Choose one —\n • Command attack:- Put a +1/+1 counter on each golem you control they gain haste until end of turn.\n • Command Defend:- Untap each other golem you control they gain +0/+5 until end of turn\n • Command Dissonance: Deal X damage to each opponent where X is the number of golems you control.  	3	3		
Ornn, The Living Bellows	2RR	Legendary Creature — Ram God 	When Ornn enters, target non masterwork equipment you control becomes a masterwork in addition to its other types. As long as it is a masterwork it gains an additional copy of its non equip abilities.\n As long as you control 3 Masterworks, Ornn gets Indestructible.\n 1RR: Target equipment becomes a masterwork, spend mana only from treasures to activate this ability.	4	5		
Pantheon, God of War	2RW	Legendary Planeswalker — Pantheon 	If Pantheon has zero loyalty counters instead, transform him.\n [+1]: Deal 1 damage to any target, if Pantheon has 4 or more loyalty deal 3 damage instead.\n [-2]: Until your next turn, combat damage cant be dealt to creatures you control and all creatures attack each combat if able.\n Pantheon, God of War can be your commander.			3	Atreus, Will of Man		Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	All permanents lose indestructible.\n Players can’t activate planeswalkers’ loyalty abilities.\n Whenever a card would be put into the graveyard exile it instead.	4	5		
Poppy, Hero of Demacia	3WW	Legendary Creature — Yordle Knight 	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n When Poppy enters, put target nonland permanent X cards from the top of their library, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.	4	4		
Pyke, Drowned Vengeance	2UB	Legendary Creature — Zombie Assassin 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n At the beginning of each end step, destroy target creature that was damaged this turn. If you do, create a treasure token and draw a card, if an effect or creature from one or more other players dealt damage to that creature this turn those players draw cards and each of those players create a treasure token. 	4	2		
Qiyana, Ixtal's Highness	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Whenever Qiyana attacks, if you cast a red spell this turn, deal 3 damage to any target, if you cast a blue spell this turn, tap target nonland permanent an opponent controls and put a stun counter on it, if you cast a green spell this turn, gain invisible. (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)	5	4		
Quinn, Birds Eye	1RW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Vigilance\n Whenever Quinn attacks, look at defending players hand then name a nonland card, the named card costs 2 more to cast until Quinn attacks again.	3	3		
Rakan, Swaying Songbird	3RW	Legendary Creature — Human Bird Warrior 	Partner with Xayah Sleuthing Songbird\n Haste, vigilance \n Whenever you attack, untap up to one target cleric one target Rogue one target Warrior and one target wizard, if you control a full party prevent all damage dealt to those creatures.\n This Spell costs 1 less to cast for each time you have cast another commander from the command zone.	4	3		
Rammus, Rolling Hero	2GG	Legendary Creature — Armadillo 	Haste\n Modified creatures you control assign damage with their toughness rather than their power.\n If a counter, equipment or an enchantment increases a creatures toughness it increases that creature’s toughness twice as much instead.	2	4		
Rek'Sai, From Below	2RG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Ingest, double strike\n Other creatures you control with ingest have double strike and creatures you control with double strike have ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)\n Whenever a land becomes consumed create a copy of it except its a desert in addition to its other types and has “whenever this permanent becomes tapped sacrifice it at the beginning of the next endstep.”	3	2		
Rell, The Price of Power	3RW	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	Haste\n Whenever an equipment enters under your control, if it was cast from your hand, discover equipment X where X is its mana value. (“Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland equipment card with mana value X or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand”)\n Whenever Rell attacks, you may attach an equipment to Rell. If you do, attach all equipment that have the same mana value to Rell.	4	3		
Renekton, Blood of Shurima	BRGW	Legendary Creature — Crocodile God 	Ascend, lifelink\n If a creature taking damage would cause a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time, unless you have city blessing, then it triggers two additional times instead.\n Whenever Renekton attacks, if you have city’s blessing he deals one damage to each creature.      	5	6		
Rengar, Primal Hunter	RGW	Legendary Creature — Cat Rogue 	Whenever a permanent card is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, if it does not share a card type with another card in any graveyard, draw a card and put a +1/+1 counter on Rengar.\n Delirium — If there are 4 or more card types among cards in your graveyard, Rengar can’t be blocked and if he would deal damage he does twice that much instead.	2	2		
Riven, Noxian General	1WB	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	First strike, menace\n Only cast this side if Riven has not transformed this game.\n As riven enters, each opponent makes two 1/1 green and white citizen tokens.\n When no players control any citizens, transform Riven for the rest of the game.        	3	3		Riven, Ionia Redeemed	1RW	Legendary Creature — Human Nomad 	First strike\n Citizens you control have indestructible.\n Only cast this side if Riven has transformed this game.\n Whenever Riven enters or transforms, create two 1/1 green and white citizen. tokens.	6	6		
Rumble, Junkyard Menace	UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	T: Add C For each artifact card put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn\n Craft with any number of artifacts 3 (3, Exile this artifact, Exile any number of artifacts you control or any number of artifact cards from your graveyard: Return this card transformed under its owner’s control. Craft only as a sorcery.) (3, Exile this artifact, Exile another any number of artifacts you control or an any number of artifacts card from your graveyard: Return this card transformed under its owner’s control. Craft only as a sorcery.)	3	3		Tristy		Legendary Creature — Yordle Construct 	“Tristy”s power and toughness is equal to the total mana value of artifacts used to craft it.\n When “Tristy” enters, if there are fifteen artifacts used to craft it, destroy all nonland permanents your opponents control.\n Flamespitter — As long as there are three or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” it has first strike and menace.\n Electro Harpoon — As long as there are six or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” whenever it attacks it deals damage equal to the amount of artifacts used to craft it to any target.\n Scrap Shield — As long as there are nince or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” it has ward X and indestructible where X is the amount of artifacts used to craft it. 	*	*		
Ryze, Tethered to Power	WUBRG	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Instant and sorcery spells you control are arcane in addition to its other types.\n Spells you control have splice onto arcane, its splice onto arcane cost is equal to its cost. 	5	5		
Samira, Stylish Daredevil	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you cast a spell, deal 2 damage to any target, if this is the sixth time this ability has resolved this turn deal 6 damage to each other creature instead.\n Whenever Samira deals lethal damage, create a treasure token then exile the top card of your library you may play it this turn unless an opponent has Samira deal damage equal to the cards mana value to them.	4	3		
Sejuani, Sister of Battle	2UR	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Warrior 	When Sejuani enters, an opponent becomes the monarch.\n At the beginning of combat, if you are the monarch, tap target creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls becomes tapped, if it is not being declared as an attacker, Sejuani deals six damage to that creature if you are the monarch otherwise deal two damage instead, if excess damage is dealt this way put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	4	3		
Senna, The Redeemer	1WBB	Legendary Creature — Human Spirit 	Partner with Lucian, Grim Purifier (When this creature enters, target player may put Lucian into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Senna’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in opponents graveyards.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library, you may play it this turn. If you do, you lose life equal to its mana value and you may tap up to one target creature.	*	*		
Seraphine, Song of Hope	3UU	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a verse counter on Seraphine, then if she has three or more verse counters remove all of them and copy that spell.\n T: Proliferate (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	3	3		
Sett, Savage Beating	BRGW	Legendary Creature — Human Brawler 	Whenever Sett does lethal damage, create a treasure token.\n Whenever Sett attacks, target creature defending player controls must block this turn if able. If the blocking creature would die Sett deals X damage to each other creature defending player controls, where X is the blocking creatures toughness.         	5	6		
Shaco, Death's Jester	2BR	Legendary Creature — Demon Clown 	Flash, invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever a permanent enters under your control, if its not your turn, put a backstab counter on it. For as long as it has a backstab counter on it, the creature has “TBR: This creature deals damage to equal to its power to target opponent.\n If this creature would deal damage, deal twice as much damage instead then remove a backstab counter”               	1	3		
Shen, Seer of Night	WU	Legendary Creature — Human Ninja 	Flash\n Disturb 3WU (You may cast this card from your graveyard transformed for its disturb cost.)\n When Shen enters, target creature you control gains protection from everything until end of turn. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything until end of turn..)	2	2		Spirit Sword		Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equip spirit or samurai 1WU.\n Equipped creature has +1/+1 and has protection from everything but Spirit Sword. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything but Spirit Sword..)				
Shyvana, Guilty by Blood	1RR	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Whenever you take damage, put that many rage counters on Shyvana\n Whenever Shyvana attacks, each human you control deals 1 damage to any target.\n At the beginning of your end step, if Shyvana has 6 or more rage counters on   her transform her.                                       	2	2		Shyvana, Reawoken		Legendary Creature — Dragon Warrior 	Flying, haste, protection from dragons\n Whenever Shyvana attacks, each human you control deals 1 damage to defending player and each creature you control, then Each Dragon you control deals 2 damage to defending player and each creature they control.  	4	4		
Singed, Living Contagion	BRG	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	Haste, Wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)\n when a creature you control with wither deals combat damage to a player, that creature deals that much damage to target creature they control. (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)\n If a creature an opponent controls would die, if it has one or more -1/-1 counters, exile it instead and you make a token copy of the creature, that enters with that many +1/+1 counters except it’s a 0/0 green and black mutant creature in addition to its other types.	3	3		
Sion, Ressurected Rage	2BR	Legendary Creature — Zombie Juggernaut 	Trample, Undying\n Whenever a creature card an opponent controls is put into the graveyard from the battlefield exile it with a fuel counter on it, Sion gets +0/+X where X is the number of creature cards exiled with fuel counters.\n Sion’s power and toughness are swapped for as long as he has a counter on him.\n If Sion would be put into a graveyard from the battlefield if his power is greater than his toughness exile him instead.	2	8		
Sivir, Fortune Hunter	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Nomad 	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)\n At the beginning of combat, each player may pay any amount of mana, Sivir can only attack the player who payed the least.\n If an opponent payed three or more mana for a spell or an ability you control, create a tapped treasure token.	7	5		
Skarner, Ixtal's Tremor	2GUR	Legendary Creature — Elemental Scorpion 	As Skarner enters, exile a land you control.\n Coalesce — Whenever Skarner enters or attacks, if the land could produce blue mana draw a card if the land could produce red mana deal 2 damage to any target and if it could produce green mana add GG to your mana pool. If this is the third time this ability has triggered repeat it twice. then return the land to the battlefield tapped.	5	5		
Sona, Silent Song	WU	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	T: Put a verse counter on Sona then choose one, where X is the number of verse counters on Sona —\n • Gain X life.\n • Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn.\n •Tap any number of nonland permanents with combined mana value X or less.             	0	2		
Soraka, the Starchild	2GW	Legendary Creature — Archon Cleric 	Whenever one or more creatures with base power and toughness 1/1 enter under your control, gain 2 life and draw a card.\n T: Regenerate each other creature you control, for each creature that is regenerated this way, you lose 2 life. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn’t. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)	1	4		
Swain, Demon Keeper	2U	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	Partner with Raum, Demon of Secrets (When this creature enters, target player may put Raum into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell from anywhere other than their hand, draw a card.\n Whenever one or more creatures deal combat damage to a player, that player reveals that many cards from the top of their library then exiles them face down with a surveillance counter on them, they may cast them for as long as they remain exiled.	1	3		
Sylas, Bane of Demacia	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Whenever you counter a spell, copy it, you may spend mana as though it were any color to cast the spell and as though it had convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)	2	3		
Syndra, Infinite Potential	3WUB	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Syndra, Infinite Potential can’t be countered.\n Flying\n When Syndra enters, if it was cast, for each opponent create a Black-hole enchantment token with “ Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Black-hole leaves the battlefield”\n Whenever Syndra attacks, you may put any number of cards exiled with enchantments you control into their owners graveyard if you do each opponent loses life equal to the mana value of cards put into their graveyard this way.	4	5		
Tahm Kench, Demon of Gluttony	2BGU	Legendary Creature — Fish Demon 	Tribute 2, tribute 2, tribute 2, tribute 2\n When Tahm Kench enters, for each time his tribute was payed, the player who payed the tribute discards a card if that player can’t they lose the game then you draw a card for each time the tribute was not payed.\n Whenever Tahm Kench attacks, exile target creature defending player controls until Tahm Kench leaves the battlefield.	3	3		
Taliyah, Rubble Rouser	1RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever Taliyah enters or attacks, return a desert card from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1. If the land was a desert make twice as many instead.\n At the beginning of each endstep you may cast a permanent spell from your graveyard with mana value X or less without paying its mana cost where X is the number of rocks you have sacrificed this turn.	3	3		
Talon, Blade Unseen	RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Equip cost X less to attach where X is the number of blood counters on your opponents.\n Whenever Talon deals combat damage to a player, for each equipment attached to him that player gains a bleed counter, for as long as that player has one or more bleed counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of bleed counters on them then remove a bleed counter from them.               	3	3		
Taric, Shimmering Hope	3WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Taric 	[+1]:  Gain 2 life and put a loyalty counter on Taric for each creature that dealt combat damage this turn.\n [-2]: Distribute up to two shield counters among creatures you control. (If a permanent with a shield counter on it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)\n [-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you gain life, creatures you control get +X/+X and indestructible, where X is the amount of life you gained.”\n Taric, Shimmering Hope can be your commander.				
Teemo, Mischievous Poisoner	1BGU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Scout 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n TGU: Prevent all damage to a creature or player from one source. then Teemo loses invisible\n Whenever damage from one or more sources is prevented, Teemo deals two damage to target player.\n At the beginning of your endstep, create a tapped 0/1 plant token named Puffcap with “When this creature dies, if it was dealt damage this turn, deal 1 damage to each creature target opponent controls” and Teemo gains invisible.             	2	2		
Thresh, Restless Shackles	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Spirit Warden 	When Thresh enters, create Thresh’s Lantern with hexproof and “If a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies, exile it instead”.\n Whenever Thresh attacks, choose any number of exiled cards exiled with Thresh’s Lantern and return them to the battlefield tapped and attacking. Thresh’s Lantern deals X damage to you where X is the total mana value of creatures returned this way, exile them at the beginning of the next endstep.         	3	6		
Tristana, The Bandle Gunner	3UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Ranger 	Double strike\n When Tristana enters, each opponent gets a colorless artifact token named bomb with “Enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it, whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls deals combat damage to you put two charge counters on it. At the beginning of your endstep, if no counters have been put on the bomb since your last endstep sacrifice it. Whenever a bomb leaves the battlefield it deals X damage to you and each creature you control where X is the amount of charge counters on the bomb.”	3	3		
Trundle, Proclaimed King	2GUR	Legendary Creature — Troll Warrior 	Trolls you control have haste and trample\n Whenever a troll deals damage to an opponent, destroy target artifact or enchantment they control with mana value less than or equal to the amount of damage dealt this way.\n Whenever an artifact or enchantment an opponent controls is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card and put a +1/+1 counter on each troll you control. 	4	4		
Tryndamere, Frozen Fury	4R	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	Creatures have vigilance.\n Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to creatures you control.\n At the beginning of each players endstep, tap all creatures that player controls that did not attack this turn.	4	2		
Twisted Fate, Dealer of Destiny	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	T: Draw a card and discard a card\n Whenever you discard a blue card untap target permanent, This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever you discard a red card deal 2 damage to any target, This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever you discard a white card tap target permanent, This ability triggers only once each turn. 	4	4		
Twitch, The Spreading Plague	1BG	Legendary Creature — Rat Rogue 	Invisible Toxic 1 (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage. Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Corrupted — At the beginning of your endstep for each opponent who has 3 or more poison counters return a creature with mana value less than the number of poison counters they control to the battlefield unless that player pays life equal to it’s mana value and discards a card.        	2	2		
Udyr, Ethereal Avalanche	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Shaman 	Converge — Whenever Udyr enters or attacks, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a god card, shuffle all other cards revealed this way and put that card on top of it. If that god was blue draw a card, if that god was red create a tapped treasure token and if that god was green create a 2/2 green bear token.             	4	6		
Urgot, Zauns Weapon	2BG	Legendary Artifact Creature — Human  	T: Exile target creature from a graveyard. If you do draw a card for as long as it remains exiled, Urgot gains its power and toughness wherever he is.	3	3		
Varus, Bow of Retribution	3BR	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has lifelink and reach\n As Varus enters, create two legendary 2/2 white human creature tokens named Valmar and Kai\n Whenever a creature you control named Kai dies, you may exile a creature named Valmar. If you do, exile Varus and return him to the battlefield transformed under its owner’s control.\n Equip 3\n Can be your commander				Varus, Unstable Malevolence		Legendary Creature — Darkin Ranger 	Lifelink, reach\n Whenever Varus attacks, he deals damage equal to his power to target defending creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever Varus deals lethal damage to a creature, exile it instead. You may cast creatures exiled with Varus for as long as it remains exiled. whenever you   cast a spell an opponent owns they may pay life equal to its mana value if they do counter the spell.               	6	6		
Vayne, Glimmer in the Shadow	2WB	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Vayne gets  +1/+1 for each experience counter you have if you have six or more she enters the battlefield invisible. (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n When Vayne enters, choose target non-Human creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever the chosen creature dies, gain an experience counter, draw a card then exile Vayne until the beginning of the next endstep.	4	2		
Veigar, Twisted Mage	3UB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Wizard 	T: Choose target creature an opponent controls, that creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, when that creature dies this turn, choose a instant or sorcery in your graveyard that was put there from anywhere this turn, you may cast it this turn, if its mana value is less then X you may cast it without paying its mana cost Where X is the number of instants and sorceries you have cast this turn.	3	3		
Vel'Koz, Scion of the Watchers	2UU	Legendary Creature — Voidling Eye 	When Vel’koz enters, look at target opponents hand then name a card.\n Whenever an opponents plays a named card, draw a card then name a new card.	3	3		
Vex, Shadowcaster	1UB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Warlock 	Skulk\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if its not their turn they lose 2 life.\n Whenever vex deals combat damage to a player, pick one:\n • They lose life equal to the amount of life they lost before combat this turn.\n • Return target creature they control to their  hand.	1	4		
Vi, Impulsive Haymaker	2UR	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Partner with Caitlyn\n First strike\n Whenever Vi deals combat damage to a player antagonize each creature that player controls until the end of your next turn (Antagonized creatures must attack each combat if able and must attack you or a planeswalker you control.)\n Whenever one or more creatures attack you or a planeswalker you control, you may choose to defend target battle until end of turn then you may redirect a creature of your choice to attack the battle. 	5	3		
Viego, The Ruined King	BBB	Legendary Creature — Zombie Noble 	Lifelink, Protection from creatures with ruin counters (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by creatures with ruin counters.)\n When Viego enters the battlefield, if he was cast, exile him and return him transformed under your control.\n Creatures with ruin counters can’t attack you or planeswalkers you control.	6	6		The Ruination		Enchantment — Saga 					
Viktor, Herald of Progress	3UBR	Legendary Artifact Creature — Human Artificer 	Creatures you control are artifacts in addition to their other types. The same is true for creatures in your graveyard and creature permanent cards that are not on the battlefield.\n At the beginning of your endstep you may sacrifice three artifacts return target artifact from your graveyard to your hand. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this game you may return it to the battlefield. If its your third search your library for an aritfact and put it onto the battlefield. and if it is your fourth time you may search your library for an artifact card put it onto the battlefield and return an artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.                	3	3		
Vladimir, Blood Craving	4BR	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Lifelink\n Whenever you lose life for first time each turn, each opponent gets a blood counter, for as long as that player has one or more blood counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of blood counters on them then remove a blood counter from them.\n Whenever an opponent loses life from a blood counter you gain that much life.	3	6		
Volibear, Aurora of Thunder	3GG	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Bear God 	Indestructible, Trample\n As long as other creatures you control have less than fifteen power, Volibear is not a creature.\n At the beginning of each combat on each players turn, that players creature with the highest power gains haste and is goaded until end of turn then if that creature has less power than each of your creatures draw a card.            	13	13		
Warwick, Wild Experiment	BG	Legendary Creature — Dog Horror 	Lifelink\n Fateful hour — As long as you have 5 or less life, if you were to gain life gain twice as much instead\n Warwick has haste as long as an opponent has less than half their starting life total\n Whenever Warwick attacks, he gains double strike if the defending player has less then half their starting life total.	3	3		
Wukong, Living Cyclone	RW	Legendary Creature — Monkey Monk 	Haste\n Whenever a player casts a spell if it only targets Wukong create a non-legendary token copy of it change the spells target to the copy.	2	1		
Xayah, Sleuthing Songbird	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Bird Rogue 	Partner\n Skulk\n Creatures you control have ward X where X is the number of creatures in your party.\n As long as you have a full party, clerics, rogues, warriors and wizards you control have hexproof and skulk.\n This Spell costs 1 less to cast for each time you have cast another commander from the command zone.         	2	3		
Xerath, Cursed by Envy	3UU	Legendary Creature — Spirit God 	Xerath’s power and toughness are equal to the number of cards in your hand.\n Whenever Xerath attacks, look at the top X cards of your library put half of them rounded down into your hand, where X is the difference between the cards in your hand compared to the cards in defending player hand.\n Whenever Xerath dies, you may discard a card. If you do, exile Xerath and return him to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control then its owner gains control of target creature an opponent controls.	*	*		Xerath, Saikhal Tomb		Legendary Artifact Land	(Transforms from Xerath, Cursed by Envy.)\n Creatures can’t attack unless its controlled by its owner.\n T: Add U.\n 2U: Transform Xerath, activate this ability if you control no permanents owned by other players.				
Yasuo, Wind of Resolve	2WU	Legendary Creature — Human Samurai 	Whenever one or more other historic permanents enters, draw a card, this ability may trigger thrice each turn.\n If you had legendary permanent an artifact and a saga enter the battlefield this turn exile target permanent its owner may cast it for as long as it remains exiled, if you control that permanent you may play that card as though it had Flash and without paying its mana cost.	3	3		
Yone, Displaced Duelist	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Demon Spirit 	Spiritbond (As Yone, Displaced Duelist enters, they pair with a creature in your graveyard for as long as either creature is on the battlefield or in your graveyard.)\n As long as Yone is paired with a creature, each of those creatures gain first strike, Vigilance and haste and whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice this creature. If you do, return the creature it is paired with to the battlefield.	4	4		
Yorick, Undead Shepherd	4BB	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you don’t control a creature named Maiden of the Mist, you may sacrifice a creature, if you do create a Legendary 4/4 black wraith creature token named Maiden of the Mist, with “If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die exile that card and create a 2/2 black zombie creature token with decayed” (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)\n Zombies you control have “This creature can’t be sacrificed”	5	5		
Yuumi, Keeper of Book	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Cat Wizard 	Bestow 1GW\n At the beginning of your upkeep you may pay 1GW and attach Yuumi to target creature\n Whenever yuumi becomes attached to or at the beginning of your upkeep put a friendship counter on enchanted creature\n Enchanted creature gets “ward X +X/+X and spells you control cost that target this creature cost X less to cast where X is the number of friendship counters on enchanted creature.”	0	2		
Zac, Indomitable Sludge	3GG	Legendary Creature — Mutant Ooze 	T: Put a goo counter on target creature, that creature is a ooze for as long as there is a goo counter on that creature.\n Whenever a nontoken, nonlegendary ooze you control dies, you may exile it from your graveyard if you do create two token copies of that creature, except their base power is half that creature’s power and their base toughness is half that creature’s toughness. Round up each time.                    	0	3		
Zed, Harmony in Shadow	2BR	Legendary Creature — Human Ninja 	Commander Ninjutsu BR\n If Zed or another shade or ninja creature would deal damage to a player, if that players life is less then half of their starting total, deal twice that much instead.\n At the beginning of your end step, Zed deals X damage to each opponent, where X is the number of effects or permanents that dealt them damage this turn.	4	2		
Zeri, Volatile Spark	GUR	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	Whenever Zeri or another human enters, gain E then you may spend any number of E if you do that creature gets haste and +1/+1 for each energy spent.  	2	2		
Ziggs, Crazed Detonation	2BR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	T: Add CCC to your mana pool spend this mana only to active abilities of artifacts you control.\n Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, deal X damage to any target where X is the mana value of the sacrificed artifact. 	2	2		
Zilean, Keeper of Icathia	4URW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Eminence — If a spell you control would resolve, if Zilean is in the command zone or on the battlefield, you may exile it instead.\n Flash\n This spell cant be countered. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each spells exiled by Zilean.\n When Zilean enters, you may cast any number of spells exiled by Zilean without paying their mana costs.	4	5		
Zoe, Mischief Incarnate	1WUBRG	Legendary Planeswalker — Zoe 	[0]: You may exile target instant or sorcery from an opponents graveyard, for as long as it remains exiled you may cast that spell, if you cast it this turn you may distribute X loyalty counters among planeswalkers you control, where X is the spells mana value.\n [-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, copy it, you may choose new targets for the copy (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token)”\n Zoe, Mischief Incarnate can be your commander.			5	
Zyra, Nature Given Form	3GG	Legendary Creature — Human Plant 	T: Create a copy of the card rampant growth, you may cast the copy.\n Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, create a 0/1 green plant creature token then Put a +1/+1 counter on each plant and each creature you control that is also a land.\n If a land were to be put onto the battlefield, if it was not put there from your hand, it enters as a 0/1 plant with two +1/+1 counters on it untap it. (It’s still affected by summoning sickness).	3	3		
Milio, Gentle Flame	2RG	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	Elemental spells you control have assist. (Another player can pay up to 2 of this spell’s cost.)\n Whenever another player pays mana on an elemental spell you control, that player copies that spell.	3	3		
Kindred, The Black Wolf	1BG	Legendary Creature — Wolf Incarnation 	Partner with Kindred, Lamb of Light (When this creature enters, target player may put Kindred into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n At the beginning of each endstep, for each opponent who sacrificed a creature this turn Kindred the Black Wolf deals damage equal to his power to target creature they control.          	3	1		
Naafiri, Pack of One	RWB	Legendary Creature — Darkin Dog 	First strike, lifelink\n When Naafiri enters, create a 1/1 white dog token.\n Whenever Naafiri deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice any number of  blood tokens. If you do, distribute twice that many +1/+1 counters among dog creatures you control.\n When Naafiri dies, return her to battlefield transformed under your control.	3	3		Naafiri, Blade of the Sands		Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 as long as it is a dog.\n Whenever equipped creature attacks, create two 1/1 white dog tokens tapped and attacking.\n Whenever a dog you control deals combat damage to a player, create a blood token then if you control 5 or more blood tokens unattach and transform Naafiri.\n Equip Dog 1\n Equip 3				
Briar, Blood Frenzy	2BR	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	Lifelink, haste\n Whenever Briar deals lethal damage to a creature, make a blood token.\n Whenever Briar attacks, she fights the creature with the lowest power if two or more creatures are tied for the lowest power you choose one of them.\n Whenever you sacrifice a blood token, put a +1/+1  counter on Brair. She gains indestructible until end of turn.	4	2		
Hwei, Bloody Blend	2WBG	Legendary Creature — Human Artist 	T: Add WBG. This mana can’t be spent on any generic costs.\n Each other multicolored creatures you control get +1/+1 for each of its colors.\n Whenever you cast your first spell each turn mill an amount equal to its colors, then you may return a card with one less color from your graveyard to your hand.        	5	5		
Willump, Friend of Ice	6RG	Legendary Snow Creature — Yeti 	Partner with Nunu\n Affinity for snow\n Whenever a non-snow permanent enters under your control, put a packed counter on target snowball you control, for as long as it has that counter it has “Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each packed counter on it and whenever it deals combat damage sacrifice each snowball attached to this creature.”                   	4	4		
Smolder, Dragon in Training	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	Haste, flying\n Eminence — As long as Smolder is on the battlefield or in the command zone, whenever a dragon source you control deals lethal damage to a creature, gain an experience counter.\n Whenever Smolder attacks, you may put a dragon creature with mana value less than or equal to the number of experience counters you have onto the battlefield tapped and attacking, if a dragon put onto the battlefield this way would deal damage they deal that much plus the number of experience counters you have.	2	2		
Aurora, Winter's  Intrument	2GWU	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Human Wizard 	Whenever a non aura enchantment enters, create a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 white and blue spirit in addition to its other types.	3	4		
Mel, Gilded Brilliance	2RW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	If a source you control would deal noncombat to a permanent or player put that many searing counters on that permanent or player instead.\n When Mel leaves the battlefield Deal X damage to each creature and each player where X is the number of sear counters on those permanents or players whenever this deals lethal damage draw a card.	2	3		
Ambessa, Merciless Wolf	3RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Dash 1RWB (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)\n Creature spells you cast have dash RWB\n Whenever a creature enters the battlefield you may sacrifice another creature if you do that creature gains the power and toughness of the sacrificed creature until end of turn	4	5		
Raum, Demon of Secrets	BR	Legendary Creature — Demon Bird 	Partner with Swain, Demon Keeper\n Flying\n Whenever a player casts a spell from anywhere but their hand, that spells owner loses life equal to its mana value and you make a 1/1 red and black bird creature token with flying.	1	1		
Zaahen, Night Eternal	RWB	Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Whenever a creature you control deals damage put a determination counter on them.\n Whenever a creature you control dies if its mana value is less than the number of determination counters on that creature return it to the battlefield except it has “ this permanent can’t gain determination counters”	3	2		
Yunara, Faith Unbroken	RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ally 	Vigilance\n Other nonland, nontoken permanents you control have echo (the echo cost is equal to its mana cost)\n Whenever you pay an echo cost create a token copy of that permanent.   	2	4		
Alune, Sibling of Faith	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Partner with Aphelios, Moons Marksman (When this creature enters, target player may put Aphelios into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Bestow 2WU\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return any number of enchantments you control to your hand.\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each aura you control.\n Equip costs cost 1 less to activate for each aura you control.	0	1		
