Name	Mana Cost	Type	Rules Text	Flavor Text	Power	Toughness	Loyalty	Name 2	Mana Cost 2	Type 2	Rules Text 2	Flavor Text 2	Power 2	Toughness 2	Loyalty 2	
Lucian, Grim Purifier	1WW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Partner with Senna, the Redeemer (When this creature enters, target player may put Senna into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Lucian has double strike as long as you cast a spell this turn.\n Whenever Lucian attacks, he deals damage equal to his power to target tapped creature, if Lucian has double strike copy this ability, you may choose new targets for the copy.		3	2		
Kalista, Undying Wraith	2UBR	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	Soulbond (You may pair this creature with another unpaired creature when either enters. They remain paired for as long as you control both of them.)\n As long as Kalista is paired with another creature, each of those creatures has “T: Put a spear counter on target creature opponent controls then double all spear counters on the creature or remove all spear counters from each creature then deal damage equal to the number of spear counters removed this way. Excess damage dealt this way is dealt to their controller.”              		3	5		
Gnar, Primal Curiosity	1RG	Legendary Creature — Yordle 	Whenever this creature deals or receives damage, put a rage counter on him. Then if he has 5 or more rage counters Transform Gnar, Primal Curiosity.		3	3		Mega Gnar, Enraged Titan		Legendary Creature — Yordle Giant 	Trample\n If Mega Gnar deals lethal damage to a creature, return it to its owners hand instead of their graveyard.\n Whenever this creature deals or receives damage, remove a rage counter from him then if he has no rage counters on him transform him, no counters can be placed on him until the end of your next turn.\n Whenever Mega Gnar attacks, choose one:\n • Defending player sacrifices artifacts with total mana value X. If they can’t, destroy all their artifacts, where X is his power.\n • Mega Gnar deals X damage to each creature defending player controls, where X is his toughness. 		6	8		
Xin-Zhao, Redeemed Reckoner	2W	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	First strike, vigilance, mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)\n Whenever this creature blocks or becomes blocked, chose a creature blocking or blocked by Xin-Zhao prevent all damage dealt to Xin-Zhao except by the chosen creature.		2	1		
Dr. Mundo, Mad Practicioner	2BRG	Legendary Creature — Zombie Mutant 	Whenever a creature is dealt excess damage, deal that much damage to its controller and put a +1/+1 counter on Mundo.\n Whenever Mundo takes damage, deal that much damage to each other creature, then regenerate him. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn’t. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)	“MUNDO GOES WHERE HE PLEASES”                	3	5		
Katarina, Sinister Blade	3BR	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Commander ninjutsu BR (BR, Return an unblocked attacker you control to hand: Put this card onto the battlefield from your hand or the command zone tapped and attacking.)\n Whenever Katarina deals combat damage to a player or planeswalker, deal 3 damage divided as you choose among up to three targets.		3	3		
Renata Glasc, Chem Baron	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	At the beginning of each opponents upkeep, draw a card and make a treasure token unless they goad each creature they control.		1	2		
Ahri, Alluring Conjurist	1GUR	Ahri, Alluring Conjurist — Fox Spirit	Whenever a creature you control but don’t own attacks, get an experience counter.\n At the beginning of combat, Gain control of target creature until end of turn with mana value less than or equal to the amount of experience counters you have, it gains +1/+1 for each experience counter you have and haste until end of turn.           		4	3		
Amumu, Sad Mummy	1BGU	Legendary Creature — Zombie 	Deathtouch\n If Amumu would get -X/-X from a counter, a spell or an ability it gets +X/+X instead\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls leaves the battlefield, if it had counters on it. you may put those counters on amumu if you do draw a card.		2	6		
Ashe, Bow of Freljord	WU	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Archer 	Reach\n When Ashe enters the battlefield you become the monarch  (The monarch draws a card at the beginning of their end step. Whenever the monarch is dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the monarch.)\n At the beginning of your endstep if you are the monarch each opponent draws a card.		3	3		
Azir, Sand Sculptor	2GGWW	Legendary Creature — Bird God 	Indestructible\n Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)\n Whenever Azir enters or attacks, for each desert you control create a 1/1 colorless Sand creature token.\n As long as you have the city’s blessing, deserts you control have “Sand creatures you control have +1/+1.”		6	3		
Brand, Searing Pyroclast	RRR	Legendary Creature — Elemental Spirit 	Haste\n Whenever a creature or player is dealt lethal damage from a noncombat source you control, add R to your mana pool and exile the top card of your library, you may play that card until end of turn.		4	2		
Braum, Shield of Freljord	2WU	Legendary Creature — Human Hero 	As long as Braum is on the battlefield for spells and abilities you control it counts as though you control 3 more white Poro creatures.\n Poros and creature tokens you control enter the battlefield with mustaches that give “Ward 2 and a manlier appearance”\n Braum’s toughness is equal to the number of creatures you control		1	*		
Corki, Daring Bombardier	URR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Thopter 	Vehicle spells you cast have blitz. the blitz cost is equal to its mana cost.\n Whenever a vehicle enters, if it was cast for its blitz cost it becomes a creature until end of turn and gains +X/+X where X is the number of times you have cast your commander from the command zone.\n At the beginning of your endstep, you may return any number of non-creature vehicles to your hand, for each card returned this way create a 1/1 colorless thopter artifact creature token with flying.		2	2		
Diana, Midnight Emissary	2WB	Legendary Planeswalker — Diana 	It becomes night as Diana enters, as long as it is night you may activate Diana’s abilities as though they had flash. If you do, it becomes day at the start of the next turn.\n [+1]: You may tap an untapped creature you control. If you do, target permanent abilities cannot be activated this turn unless they are mana abilities.\n [-2]: Draw a card for each tapped creature an opponent controls.\n [-5]: You get an emblem with “As long as its night, spells you cast have flash”.\n Partner with Leona, Solar Herald\n Diana, Midnight Emissary can be your commander.        				3	
Aatrox, Imminent Apocolypse	5BR	Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Haste, flying, menace\n When Aatrox enters on your turn, or an opponent loses the game, each opponent sacrifices a creature, untap all creatures you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.\n Only darkins can attack during extra combats.      		5	5		
Akshan, Rogue Sentinel	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Double strike, invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever a spell or effect an opponent controls destroys a creature you control, that player gains a scoundrel counter.\n Whenever Akshan deal combat damage to a scoundrel, remove all scoundrel counters from all players and return target creature from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.		3	3		
Akali, Silent Reckoning	3UB	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Commander ninjutsu 1UB: This ability costs 2 more to activate for each time you have activated it from the command zone this game.\n Whenever Akali deals combat damage to a player, you may return any number of unblocked creatures you control to their owners hand. If you do, draw that many cards and your next spell costs X less to cast where X is the number of creatures returned to your hand this way.                 		3	2		
Alistar, Unbreakable Vengeance	1RG	Legendary Creature — Minotaur 	Trample\n If a source would deal non combat damage to you or a creature you control, it deals half that much instead.\n if Alistar would deal lethal damage to a creature, return it to its owners hand instead.\n Whenever Alistar deals combat damage to a player, clash with that player\n Whenever you win a clash draw a card put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control then gain three life                                                                                                     		3	3		
Annie, Cursed by Kindle	BR	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever you cast a spell, deal 1 damage to each opponent, if this is the fourth time this has resolved this turn, make a 4/4 legendary black and red bear token named Tibbers with Decayed and “Whenever this creature attacks, exile the top two cards of your library you may play those cards as long you have cast another spell this turn.” (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)		2	2		
Anivia, The Eternal Frost	3UUU	Legendary Creature — Phoenix God 	Flying\n Whenever one or more creatures become tapped, if they are not attacking, draw that many cards.\n Whenever Anivia dies, tap all creatures, they don’t untap on their next untap step, and return Anivia to the battlefield transformed under its owners control.		6	6		Eggnivia, Frozen Over		Legendary Creature — Egg God 	At the beginning of your upkeep, add a time counter to Eggnivia, then if there are 3 or more time counters on Eggnivia, exile her and return her to the battlefield transformed under their owners control.		0	3		
Aphelios, Moons Marksman	1WB	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	Partner with Alune, Sibling of Faith (When this creature enters, target player may put Alune into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n This creature gets +1/+1 for each equipment attached to it.\n The first aura spell you cast that targets Aphelios cost X less to cast where X is the number of equipment attached to Aphelios.         		2	2		
Aurelion Sol, Starweaver	4UUU	Legendary Planeswalker — Aurelion 	[+2]: Draw two cards, you may exile a card from your hand, if you do put a stardust counter on it.\n [-3]: For each player, exile up to one permanent that player controls. Put a stardust counter on each permanent exiled this way.\n [-9]: Make a copy of each spell in exile with a stardust counter, you may play those spells without paying their mana costs.\n Aurelion Sol, Starweaver can be your commander.				4	
Bard, Cosmic Vagabond	GWU	Legendary Planeswalker — Bard 	[+1]: Each player makes a food token, draws a card and gains 3 life.\n [-2]: Tap up to two nonland permanents and put stun counters on them. An opponent may exile a permanent they control with a stun counter on it, if they do exile all permanents with stun counters on them.\n [-7]: Put any number of permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield.\n Bard, Cosmic Vagabond can be your commander.				3	
Bel'Veth, Matron of Madness	1WB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Fish 	Whenever Bel’Veth attacks, you may sacrifice a permanent that does not share a card type with a card in the void. If you do, draw a card.\n Revolt -- At the beginning of each endstep, if a permanent you control left the battlefield, if it was put into your hand or graveyard, you may consume it instead, then if there are 5 or more permanents in the void transform Bel’Veth.        		3	2		Shurima, the Lavender Sea		Legendary Land — Desert 	T: Return a permanent card from the void to the battlefield with a finality counter.\n T: Add X mana in any combination of colors, where X is the number of cards in the void.					
Blitzcrank, Rolling Golem	7	Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem 	1U, T: Exile target creature an opponent controls.\n 3R, Q: Return a card exiled with Blitzcrank to its owners control. Blitzcrank deals damage equal to its power to its controller.	I put the GO in GOlem.	3	3		
Caitlyn, Piltover Peacekeeper	1WU	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Partner with Vi\n First strike\n Spells you control have flash as long as Caitlyn is blocking.\n Whenever a creature attacks you, a planeswalker or a battle you defend, look at the top X cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library where X is the number of attacking creatures. 		3	1		
Camille, Hextech Tactician	1WUB	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Camille can only attack players who have the monarch.\n When Camille enters, you become the monarch. (The monarch draws a card at the beginning of their end step. Whenever the monarch is dealt combat damage by a creature, its controller becomes the monarch.)\n Whenever Camille attacks, exile target creature defending player controls with mana value less than the number of cards in your hand.		4	7		
Cassiopeia, Serpents Gaze	1BG	Legendary Creature — Human Snake Noble 	Deathtouch\n Whenever a snake creature you control deals lethal damage to a creature, exile it instead of putting it into its owners graveyard.\n You may cast spells exiled with Cassiopeia for as long as they remained exiled. If you do, they are artifact art spells in addition to their other types. (Art creatures can’t attack, block and their abilities can’t be activated)		2	4		
Cho'Gath, Hunger Incarnate	4BRG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Eminence — If a card were to be put into exile, if Cho’Gath is on the battlefield or in the command zone, consume it instead.\n Trample\n Cho’gath gets +X/+X, where X is the number of cards in the void.\n Whenever Cho’Gath deals combat damage to a player, consume that many cards from the top of that players library.		3	3		
Darius, Hand of Noxus	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Menace\n Whenever a warrior deals combat damage to an opponent, that player gains a bleed counter. For as long as that player has one or more bleed counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of bleed counters on them then remove a bleed counter from them.		4	6		
Draven, Glorius Gladiator	2BR	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Haste\n T: Unattach an equipment you control: Draven deals X damage to any target where X is the mana value of the unequipped equipment, when a creature dealt damage this way dies create Y treasure tokens where Y is the number of adoration counters you have.\n Whenever you attach an equipment to Draven, gain a adoration counter. This ability triggers only once each turn.		3	1		
Ekko, Timewinder	GU	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	T, put a card from your hand on top of your library: End the current phase. After this phase there is an additional upkeep, draw and main phase, activate only as a sorcery and only on your turn.		2	1		
Elise, Spider Monarch	BRG	Legendary Creature — Spider Horror 	Menace\n Whenever a spider deals combat damage to a player, create a blood token.\n Whenever a spider enters under your control, tap target creature if that creature is already tapped it deals damage equal to its power to that creature.\n You may cast spider spells from your graveyard, as an additional cost to cast spells this way sacrifice X blood tokens Where X is that spells mana value.		3	3		
Evelynn, Maiden of Anguish	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Demon 	Goaded creatures can’t be blocked.\n When Evelynn enters, goad X creatures, where X is the amount of times you have cast your commander from the command zone this game. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)\n Whenever a goaded creature attacks, its controllers loses 3 life and discards a card unless that opponent sacrifices the creature or have you draw a card and gain 3 life.		3	3		
Ezreal, Daring Archeoligist	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, the next spell you cast costs 2 less to cast. If it’s the second time resolving this ability, instead deal 2 damage to any target. If it’s the third time, exile Ezreal then return him to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	Lot of good mages out there, none of them are this hot.	2	3		
Fiddlesticks, Whispering Terror	2BB	Legendary Creature — Scarecrow Horror 	At the beginning of your end step, if you don’t control a creature named Scarecrow Effigy, create a 0/1 colorless Scarecrow artifact creature token named Scarecrow Effigy with “All creatures able to block  Scarecrow Effigy do so.”\n Whenever a scarecrow you control deals combat damage to a player, you lose a life, draw a card and scarecrow spells cost 1 less to cast this turn.		4	1		
Fiora, Honored Duelest	RWW	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	First strike, vigilance \n At the beginning of combat, choose an opponent at random. Whenever Fiora deals combat damage to that player this turn, gain 3 life and draw a card.		3	2		
Fizz, Playful Prankster	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Fish 	When Fizz enters, exile each other creature you control they become plotted. (You may cast it as a sorcery on a later turn without paying its mana cost.)\n Whenever a creature enters under your control, if it was not played from your hand target opponent makes a 1/1 blue fish creature token, if that player has five or more fish exile them, if you do create a 5/5 Blue shark token.		3	3		
Galio, Bulwark of Demacia	4	Legendary Artifact Creature — Golem 	Indestructible, Ward 10\n Galio is not a creature as long as there is a slumber counter on it.\n Galio enters with 20 slumber counters on it.\n Whenever an opponent casts an instant or sorcery spell remove X Slumber counters from Galio Where X is that spells mana value, if no mana was spent to cast that spell counter it and  Remove twice that many counters instead.   		10	10		
Gangplank, Burning Vengeance	2UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Undying (When this creature dies, if it had no +1/+1 counters on it, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control with a +1/+1 counter on it.)\n Whenever Gangplank or another pirate leaves your graveyard, deal 2 damage to target player. Create a tapped treasure token.\n Pirates you control have unearth, their unearth cost is equal to their mana cost, you may spend mana only from treasures to pay this cost.               		3	5		
Garen, Might of Demacia	2WW	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	Vigilance, enlist (As this creature attacks, you may tap a nonattacking creature you control without summoning sickness. When you do, add its power to this creature’s until end of turn.)\n Other creatures you control have enlist.\n Creatures you control have haste and defender as long as they have entered this turn.\n Whenever you enlist a creature, create a 1/1 white human soldier token.		2	2		
Gragas, Bottomless Barrel	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Giant Iceborn 	Whenever you cast your first spell each turn, make a food token.\n Whenever you sacrifice a food, the next spell you cast this turn costs 2 less and can be cast as though it had flash.		3	4		
Graves, Destined Outlaw	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Mercenary 	Menace\n If a creature dealing combat damage to a player would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.\n Whenever Graves deals combat damage to a player, they choose one: You draw a card or you make a treasure.		3	1		
Gwen, Arcane Weaved	WBG	Legendary Artifact Creature — Spirit Construct 	Lifelink, ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Whenever Gwen attacks or blocks, you may sacrifice an aura attached to gwen. If you do, search your library for an enchantment card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed enchantment’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.      		3	4		
Hecarim, Endless Torment	4BR	Legendary Creature — Spirit Horse 	Haste\n Whenever a nontoken creature dies, gain 2 life.\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may pay up to X life and make X tapped 2/2 black Spirit Horse tokens where X is the number of times you have descended this turn. (You descended if a permanent card was put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.)		5	4		
Heimerdinger, Obsessed Inventor	2UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	Whenever Heimerdinger or another artificer enters the battlefield amass artifact Turret.\n The first spell you cast on each of your turns costs X less to cast Where X is the greatest power among artifact tokens you control		2	2		
Illaoi, Truthbearer	2BGU	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Tentacles you control have lifelink.\n Whenever Illaoi enters or attacks, create a 1/1 blue tentacle creature token. Illaoi fights target creature you don’t control.\n Whenever Illaoi fights a creature an opponent controls, each tentacle deals 1 damage to it.\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls dies, if it was dealt damage by Illaoi this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on each tentacle you control.		4	5		
Irelia, The Blade Dancer	RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ally 	Vigilance\n Whenever Irelia or another ally enters, create an artifact equipment token named Quickblade that has “When Quickblade enters, attach it to a creature you control. Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and if Equipped creature has exactly 6 equipment attached to it, the creature gains an additional +2/+2.” and equip 2.		3	3		
Ivern, Reborn Mystic	1GG	Legendary Creature — Treefolk Mystic 	When Ivern enters, put three +1/+1 counters on target land you control for each time you have cast your commander from the command zone, it becomes a legendary 0/0 elemental creature named Daisy, it’s still a land.\n At the beginning of combat, untap all modified lands you control then put a +1/+1 counter on them prevent all combat that would be dealt to them this turn.		2	3		
Janna, Tempest's Grace	1GWU	Legendary Planeswalker — Janna 	[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control with flying then put a flying counter on another target creature you control.\n [-3]: Draw a card for each creature you control with flying.\n [-8]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a creature spell return target permanent an opponent controls to its owner’s hand. If that creature spell had flying return up to three permanents instead.”\n Janna, Tempest’s Grace can be your commander.	Draw a card for each creature you control with flying			4	
Jarvan The Fourth	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	When Jarvan enters, search your library for an aura or equipment with mana value X or less, attached to a creature an opponent controls, where X is the amount of times you’ve cast your commander this game.\n Equipment you control gain “equipped creature is goaded”.\n You may attach equipment to creatures your opponents control.		2	5		
Jax, Grandmaster at Arms	RW	Legendary Creature — Troll Warrior 	Haste\n Activated abilities of artifacts attached to Jax can’t be activated unless they are equip abilities.\n Artifacts you control are equipment in addtion to its other types its equip cost is equal to half its mana value rounded up and give it “+X/+X where X is this artifacts mana value.”\n As long as Jax has five or more equipment attached to him. He gains +0/+5 First strike and vigilance.	imagine if I had a real weapon.	2	2		
Jayce, Protector of Today	2URW	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Vigilance\n T: Choose one that hasn’t been chosen —\n • Deal 3 damage to any target.\n • Creatures you control gain haste until end of turn.\n • Transform Jayce, Protector of Today.      		2	5		Jayce, Returned From Time		Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)\n Whenever Jayce attacks, choose one that hasn’t been chosen —\n • Jayce gains +2/+2 and gains flying until end of turn.\n • Return target creature defending player controls to its owners hand.\n • Transform Jayce, Returned From Time.		5	2		
Jhin, Cold Open	4	Legendary Creature — Human Artist 	WUBR, T: Deal 1 damage to any target, if the target would die from this effect increase the damage by 1 and choose an additional target, a maximum of 4 targets can be chosen this way.\n At the beginning of each end step, if exactly 4 creatures died this turn, create an artifact token named Grim Rose with “T, Sacrifice: Add 4 mana of any combination of colors to your mana pool.”		4	4		
Jinx, Pow Pow and Fishbones	2BRG	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Cleave BRG (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)\n Haste\n T: Deal 1 damage to any target [If a player was dealt damage this way deal that amount of damage to each creature and planeswalker that player controls.]\n Whenever a creature dies if it was dealt damage by Jinx this turn untap Jinx.		3	3		
K'Sante, Umber Bastion	3WBG	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Ward X, where X is his toughness (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays X.)\n Whenever a creature  attacks, you may swap that creatures power and toughness. If you control that creature, it gains lifelink until and of turn.\n Whenever a non-token creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature with lesser power, if no counter were placed this way, the creatures controller draws a card and gains 3 life.          		3	7		
Kai'Sa, Bound to Ruin	2UR	Legendary Creature — Voidling Human 	Haste\n T: Deal 1 damage to any target if  there are three or more instants or sorceries in your graveyard deal 3 damage instead.\n as long as you control 2 or more other creatures, Kai’Sa has hexproof.\n As long as there are 3 or more instants or sorceries in your graveyard, if Kai’Sa would deal noncombat damage, she deals that much plus two instead.		3	3		
Karma, Mantra Master	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	Karma and other shamans you control enter with a shield counter on it. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)\n During your turn you may cast an instant and a sorcery card as though it had harmonize. It’s harmonize cost is equal to 4 plus its mana cost.		4	3		
Karthus, Voice of Ruin	2BB	Legendary Creature — Spirit Shaman 	Deathtouch\n Whenever another creature you control dies, put a requiem counter on Karthus.\n When Karthus dies, put X -1/-1 counters on each creature you don’t control and create X 1/1 white and black spirit tokens with flying, where X is the number of requiem counters on Karthus.		2	3		
Kassadin, Riftwalker	4UBR	Legendary Creature — Human  Voidling 	Warp RU/RB/R\n When Kassadin enter, and was cast, exile target nonland permanent, its controller consumes card from the top of their library until they exile a permanent that shares a card type or mana value with that permanent, then if that player has no cards left in their library kassadin deals damage equal to their life total to that player.\n Whenever Kassadin attacks, you may consume him, if you do, at the beginning of the next endstep, you may return him and another creature card from any void to the battlefield under your control.		3	3		
Kayle, Angel of Punishment	1WW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying, vigilance\n Rival with Morgana, Angel of Redemption (As this creature enters, if you control Morgana , you must phase out Kayle, Angel of Punishment or Morgana until the other leaves the battlfield.)\n While Morgana is Rivaled, Kayle gets +3/+3 and becomes a God in addition to her other types.\n Whenever Kayle attacks, exile target nonland permanent with mana value X or less until Kayle leaves the battlefield or is phased out, where X is her power.              		3	3		
Kayn, Shadow Assassin	4UB	Legendary Creature — Human Assassin 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever Kayn deals combat damage to a player, choose one —\n • Put three +1/+1 counters on Kayn for as long as he has a counter on him he loses all other abilities and can’t be blocked.\n • Transform Kayn under defending players control.    		7	4		Rhaast, Form Unbound		Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Lifelink\n Rhaast must attack each combat if able and can’t attack its owner or planeswalkers.\n Whenever Rhaast deals combat damage to a player, that player gains control of Rhaast. You control that player’s next turn.		4	7		
Kennen, Eye of the Storm	1UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Ninja 	Storm\n Haste\n The legend rule does not apply to creatures you control named Kennen, Eye of the Storm.\n At the beginning of each end step, return Kennen to its owner’s hand.		2	1		
Kha'Zix, Ever Adaptive	1BG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Insect 	Whenever Kha’zix attacks, you may exile a creature from any graveyard, Kha’zix gets +1/+1 for each creature exiled this way, if that creature had first strike Kha’zix has first strike, the same is true for flying, deathtouch, double strike, haste, hexproof, indestructible, lifelink, menace, reach, skulk, trample, and vigilance. (This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with greater power.)		3	2		
Kindred, Lamb of Light	2WB	Legendary Creature — Sheep Incarnation 	Partner with Kindred, the Black Wolf (When this creature enters, target player may put Kindred into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a bounty counter on target creature an opponent controls, for as long as that creature has a bounty counter on it, it gains “whenever this creature dies each opponent draws a card and puts a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature they control”.		4	1		
Kled, The Mountain Admiral	RWB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Berserker 	Haste, first strike\n Whenever a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies note its name for the rest of the game.\n Kled gets +1/+1 for each creature noted this way and an additional +1+/1 if that creature was legendary. 	“Whats yours is mine” - High Major Commodore of the First Legion Third Multiplication Double Admiral Artillery Vanguard Company    	4	2		
Kog'Maw, Looming Feast	BG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Reach\n Whenever you sacrifice a nontoken permanent, put a +1/+1 counter on Kog’Maw.\n When Kog’Maw dies, return him to the battlefield at the beginning of the next upkeep with X +1/+1 counters, haste and trample, where X is his power, Exile him at the beginning of the next end step.		2	2		
LeBlanc, Mirrored Mystery	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Creatures you control with a cipher cannot be blocked.\n Whenever you cast a instant or sorcery spell for the first time on each of your turns it has gains cipher.\n Cypher’s embedded by Leblanc can only trigger once each turn.		2	2		
Lee Sin, Sightless Master	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	Multikicker 1U/R\n When Lee Sin enters, return target nonland permanent an opponent controls for each time it was kicked.\n Whenever a card is put into its owners hand from anywhere but their library, put a +1/+1 counter on Lee Sin then he deals damage equal to his power to its owner.		4	3		
Leona, Solar Herald	2WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Leona 	It becomes day as Leona enters. As long as it is day you may activate Leona’s abilities as though they had flash. If you do, it becomes night at the start of the next turn.\n [+1]: You may untap up to one tapped creature you control. If you do, you may tap target Nonland permanent an opponent controls.\n [-3]: Exile target tapped nonland permanent.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “As long as its day, untap all permanents you control during each other player’s untap step.”\n Partner with Diana, Midnight Emissary\n Leona, Solar Herald can be your commander.				4	
Lillia, Full Bloom	1GWU	Legendary Creature — Centaur Spirit 	Trample\n When Lillia enters, tap target creature an opponent controls for as long as you control Lillia.\n Whenever Lillia attacks, she gets +X/+X then look at the top X cards of your library, put one into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order, where X is the number of tapped nonland permanents defending player controls.         		2	2		
Ice Witch Lissandra	3UB	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	T, Exert Lissandra: Tap target creature. It doesn’t untap during its controllers next untap step. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, untap each tapped creature you control and put two +1/+1 counters on them.	There will be no thaw.	3	6		
Lulu, Unknown Mischief	RGWU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Wizard 	Whenever Lulu enters the battlefield or attacks each player chooses a nonland permanent they control with mana value 1 or greater, put those cards on the bottom of their owners library then each player discovers X where X the mana value of the card put to the bottom this way.\n If a creature would enter the battlefield if it wasn’t cast from hand its has base power and toughness 1/1 and is a squirrel in addtion to its other creature types		2	3		
Lux, The Last Light	1WW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, put an illumination counter on it.\n Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, tap target creature an opponent controls.\n W, T: Deal X damage to target creature, where X is the number of illumination counters on it.    		3	3		
Malphite, Roaming Range	2RR	Legendary Creature — Giant Golem 	Malphite enters tapped with two slumber counters on it.\n As long as Malphite has a slumber counter on it, it’s a land. (it’s not a creature)\n Landfall — Whenever a land enters under your control, you may remove a slumber counter from Malphite, if you do, create a 3/3 colorless Golem creature token.\n T: Add RR		7	8		
Malzahar, Betrayer of Humanity	2WUB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Cleric 	Spells you cast from anywhere but your hand Cost 1 less to cast for each time you have cast your commander from the command zone this game.\n Whenever Malzahar or a desert enters under your control, consume the top card of each players library.\n You may play cards from the void and spend mana as though it were any color when casting spells this way.		4	6		
Maokai, Eternal Evergreen	5BG	Legendary Creature — Elemental Avatar 	Maokai’s power and toughness are equal to the number of lands you control.\n Whenever Maokai attacks create a 3/3 black and green Sappling land creature token with “T, Sacrifice this creature: Add BG.”\n At the beginning of your end step, if you control 12 or more lands transform Maokai, Eternal Evergreen.		*	*		The Roots of The Isle		Legendary Land	T: Add BG, create a 3/3 black and green Sappling land creature token with “T, Sacrifice this creature: Add BG.”\n Whenever a land is put into your graveyard from anywhere, each opponent loses 3 life and you draw a card.					
Master Yi of Great Insight	2GWU	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	First strike, vigilance \n Creatures you control with vigilance have “T: regenerate this creature.”\n Whenever a creature you control with vigilance attacks, you may tap that creature. If you do, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature, otherwise, those creatures gain lifelink until end of turn.		4	6		
Miss Fortune, Captain of Tyranny	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Whenever you pay the crew cost on a vehicle, you may exile the creatures that crewed it until the vehicle leaves the battlefield. If you do, the vehicle becomes permanently crewed by those creatures.\n Whenever a vehicle you control attacks, create a  tapped treasure token for each pirate crewing it, then you may have an opponent gain control of any number of treasures you control. If you do, gain control of any number of nonland nontoken permanents with lesser mana value.             		4	3		
Mordekaiser, Immortal Bastion	BB	Legendary Creature — Zombie God 	Deathtouch\n Mordekaiser enters with eight revival counters.\n As long as there are one or more revival counters on Mordekaiser, he is not a creature.\n Whenever a nontoken creature dies, remove a revival counter from Mordekaiser.\n When the last revival counter is removed, choose target creature an opponent controls, then all creatures except that creature and Mordekaiser phase out until your next turn.		8	8		
Morgana, Angel of Redemption	2BB	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Hexproof\n Rival with Kayle, Angel of Punishment (As this creature enters, if you control Kayle , you must phase out Morgana, Angel of Redemption or Kayle until the other leaves the battlfield.)\n While Kayle is Rivaled, Morgana gets +2/+2 and becomes a God in addition to her other types.\n Whenever a nonland permanent enters under an opponents control, if it was not cast, its controller exiles it unless they pay 3 life. If Morgana is a god they must pay 6 life rather than 3.  		3	3		
Nami, Seabound Archon	2GU	Legendary Creature — Merfolk Cleric 	Whenever Nami or another merfolk enters under your control, untap up to one tapped permanent and tap another untapped permanent.\n Whenever a merfolk you control becomes untapped, it gains +1/+1 until end of turn.		3	2		
Nasus, Ascended Strategist	2WUB	Legendary Creature — Dog God 	Lifelink, ascend\n Creatures your opponents control with power 0 or less lose all abilities and can’t gain abilities.\n At the beginning of your endstep, if you have cities blessing, you may choose any number of creatures, they get -X/-0 until your next turn, where X is the number of cards in your hand.    		4	3		
Nautilus, Sunken Titan	6UUB	Legendary Creature — Giant Horror 	Delve\n Exile each card delved this way with a depth counter on it.\n Whenever Nautilus attacks, defending player makes a villainous choice — You may return 2 cards with depth counter on them from exile to your hand, or you may cast a spell with a depth counter on it without paying its mana cost.	“Even his name was said to be a curse” —Rafen                 	4	12		
Neeko, Shapesplitter	GUR	Legendary Creature — Salamander Shapeshifter 	Kicker GU (You may pay an additional GU as you cast this spell.)\n Neeko enters as a copy of a creature on the battlefield, except it keeps it’s name and it is legendary.\n As you cast this spell, if it was kicked, copy it except the copies name is Not Neeko and it loses this ability and gains “Whenever Wrong Neeko takes damage, sacrifice it”.		0	0		
Nidalee, Ixtal's Protector	1RG	Legendary Creature — Human Cat 	Non-Human creatures you control gain +1/+1 and have protection from humans\n Whenever three or more non-Human creatures deal combat damage, transform Nidalee Ixtal’s Protector.		3	2		Jungle Cat Nidalee		Legendary Creature — Giant Cat 	Non-Human Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have protection from humans and artifacts you don’t control.\n Whenever one or more non-Human creatures deal combat damage to a player, that player sacrifices an artifact and you draw a card.           		6	4		
Nilah, Seven Handed	GWUB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Lifelink\n Whenever you gain life from any source, each opponent gains that much life.\n At the beginning of your end step, for each opponent, draw a card unless its controller taps a creature with power greater than the amount of life they have gained this turn.\n Whenever a creature an opponent controls becomes tapped, if its power is greater than Nilah’s, put a stun counter on that creature then put a +1/+1 counter on Nilah.		5	3		
Nocturne, Living Nightmare	3BB	Legendary Creature — Demon Nightmare 	As Nocturne enters, put a paranoid counter on each creature your opponents control, they gain “For as long as there is a paranoid counter on this creature, this creature can’t block Horrors, Demons or Nightmares, and you may tap it to remove all paranoid counters on it at the beginning of your upkeep.” \n Whenever Nocturne attacks, return a nightmare or horror creature with mana value X or less from your graveyard to your hand, where X is the amount of paranoid counters that are on permanents defending player controls. 		5	3		
Nunu, Savior of Winter	U	Legendary Snow Creature — Iceborn Demigod 	Partner with Willump, Friend of Ice\n Whenever a nontoken snow permanent enters, create a blue snow equipment token named Snowball with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Snowball: Tap target creature.’” and equip 2.		0	2		
Olaf, Might of Lokfar	2RR	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	Whenever Olaf attacks, he gains indestructible until your next end step.\n Whenever a creature is dealt lethal damage from Olaf, he deals damage equal to that creatures toughness to its controller and you.		4	3		
Orianna, Manufactured Beauty	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Golem Construct 	Vehicles you control are creature golems in addition to their other types.\n T: Choose one —\n • Command attack:- Put a +1/+1 counter on each golem you control they gain haste until end of turn.\n • Command Defend:- Untap each other golem you control they gain +0/+5 until end of turn\n • Command Dissonance: Deal X damage to each opponent where X is the number of golems you control.  		3	3		
Ornn, The Living Bellows	2RR	Legendary Creature — Ram God 	When Ornn enters, target non masterwork equipment you control becomes a masterwork in addition to its other types. As long as it is a masterwork it gains an additional copy of its non equip abilities.\n As long as you control 3 Masterworks, Ornn gets Indestructible.\n 1RR: Target equipment becomes a masterwork, spend mana only from treasures to activate this ability.		4	5		
Pantheon, God of War	2RW	Legendary Planeswalker — Pantheon 	If Pantheon has zero loyalty counters, instead transform him.\n [+1]: Deal 1 damage to any target, if Pantheon has four or more loyalty, deal 3 damage instead.\n [-2]: Until your next turn, combat damage cant be dealt to creatures you control and all creatures attack each combat if able.\n Pantheon, God of War can be your commander.				3	Atreus, Will of Man		Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	All permanents lose indestructible.\n Players can’t activate planeswalkers’ loyalty abilities.\n Whenever a card would be put into the graveyard exile it instead.		4	5		
Poppy, Hero of Demacia	3WW	Legendary Creature — Yordle Knight 	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n When Poppy enters, put target nonland permanent X cards from the top of their library, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.		4	4		
Pyke, Drowned Vengeance	2UB	Legendary Creature — Zombie Assassin 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n At the beginning of each end step, destroy target creature that was damaged this turn. If you do, create a treasure token and draw a card, if an effect or creature from one or more other players dealt damage to that creature this turn those players draw cards and each of those players create a treasure token. 		4	2		
Qiyana, Ixtal's Highness	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Human Noble 	Whenever Qiyana attacks, if you cast a red spell this turn, deal 3 damage to any target, if you cast a blue spell this turn, tap target nonland permanent an opponent controls and put a stun counter on it, if you cast a green spell this turn, gain invisible. (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)		5	4		
Quinn, Birds Eye	1RW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Vigilance\n Whenever Quinn attacks, look at defending players hand then name a nonland card, the named card costs 2 more to cast until Quinn attacks again.		3	3		
Rakan, Swaying Songbird	3RW	Legendary Creature — Human Bird Warrior 	Partner with Xayah Sleuthing Songbird\n Haste, vigilance \n Whenever you attack, untap up to one target cleric one target Rogue one target Warrior and one target wizard, if you control a full party prevent all damage dealt to those creatures.\n This Spell costs 1 less to cast for each time you have cast another commander from the command zone.		4	3		
Rammus, Rolling Hero	2GG	Legendary Creature — Armadillo 	Haste\n Modified creatures you control assign damage with their toughness rather than their power.\n If a counter, equipment or an enchantment increases a creatures toughness it increases that creature’s toughness twice as much instead.	Ok.	2	4		
Rek'Sai, From Below	2RG	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Ingest, double strike\n Other creatures you control with ingest have double strike and creatures you control with double strike have ingest (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)\n Whenever a land becomes consumed create a copy of it except its a desert in addition to its other types and has “whenever this permanent becomes tapped sacrifice it at the beginning of the next endstep.”		3	2		
Rell, The Price of Power	3RW	Legendary Creature — Human Knight 	Haste\n Whenever an equipment enters under your control, if it was cast from your hand, discover equipment X where X is its mana value. (“Exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland equipment card with mana value X or less. Cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand”)\n Whenever Rell attacks, you may attach an equipment to Rell. If you do, attach all equipment that have the same mana value to Rell.		4	3		
Renekton, Blood of Shurima	BRGW	Legendary Creature — Crocodile God 	Ascend, lifelink\n If a creature taking damage would cause a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time, unless you have city blessing, then it triggers two additional times instead.\n Whenever Renekton attacks, if you have city’s blessing he deals one damage to each creature.      		5	6		
Rengar, Primal Hunter	RGW	Legendary Creature — Cat Rogue 	Whenever a permanent card is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, if it does not share a card type with another card in any graveyard, draw a card and put a +1/+1 counter on Rengar.\n Delirium — If there are 4 or more card types among cards in your graveyard, Rengar can’t be blocked and if he would deal damage he does twice that much instead.		2	2		
Riven, Noxian General	1WB	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	First strike, menace\n Only cast this side if Riven has not transformed this game.\n As riven enters, each opponent makes two 1/1 green and white citizen tokens.\n When no players control any citizens, transform Riven for the rest of the game.        		3	3		Riven, Ionia Redeemed	1RW	Legendary Creature — Human Nomad 	First strike\n Citizens you control have indestructible.\n Only cast this side if Riven has transformed this game.\n Whenever Riven enters or transforms, create two 1/1 green and white citizen. tokens.		6	6		
Rumble, Junkyard Menace	UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	T: Add C For each artifact card put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn\n Craft with any number of artifacts 3 (3, Exile this artifact, Exile any number of artifacts you control or any number of artifact cards from your graveyard: Return this card transformed under its owner’s control. Craft only as a sorcery.) (3, Exile this artifact, Exile another any number of artifacts you control or an any number of artifacts card from your graveyard: Return this card transformed under its owner’s control. Craft only as a sorcery.)		3	3		Tristy		Legendary Creature — Yordle Construct 	“Tristy”s power and toughness is equal to the total mana value of artifacts used to craft it.\n When “Tristy” enters, if there are fifteen artifacts used to craft it, destroy all nonland permanents your opponents control.\n Flamespitter — As long as there are three or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” it has first strike and menace.\n Electro Harpoon — As long as there are six or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” whenever it attacks it deals damage equal to the amount of artifacts used to craft it to any target.\n Scrap Shield — As long as there are nince or more artifacts used to craft “Tristy” it has ward X and indestructible where X is the amount of artifacts used to craft it. 		*	*		
Ryze, Tethered to Power	WUBRG	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Instant and sorcery spells you control are arcane in addition to its other types.\n Spells you control have splice onto arcane, its splice onto arcane cost is equal to its cost. 		5	5		
Samira, Stylish Daredevil	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you cast a spell, deal 2 damage to any target, if this is the sixth time this ability has resolved this turn deal 6 damage to each other creature instead.\n Whenever Samira deals lethal damage, create a treasure token then exile the top card of your library you may play it this turn unless an opponent has Samira deal damage equal to the cards mana value to them.		4	3		
Sejuani, Sister of Battle	2UR	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Warrior 	When Sejuani enters, an opponent becomes the monarch.\n At the beginning of combat, if you are the monarch, tap target creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls becomes tapped, if it is not being declared as an attacker, Sejuani deals six damage to that creature if you are the monarch otherwise deal two damage instead, if excess damage is dealt this way put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.		4	3		
Senna, The Redeemer	1WBB	Legendary Creature — Human Spirit 	Partner with Lucian, Grim Purifier (When this creature enters, target player may put Lucian into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Senna’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of creature cards in opponents graveyards.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library, you may play it this turn. If you do, you lose life equal to its mana value and you may tap up to one target creature.		*	*		
Seraphine, Song of Hope	3UU	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a verse counter on Seraphine, then if she has three or more verse counters remove all of them and copy that spell.\n T: Proliferate (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)		3	3		
Sett, Savage Beating	BRGW	Legendary Creature — Human Brawler 	Whenever Sett does lethal damage, create a treasure token.\n Whenever Sett attacks, target creature defending player controls must block this turn if able. If the blocking creature would die Sett deals X damage to each other creature defending player controls, where X is the blocking creatures toughness.         		5	6		
Shaco, Death's Jester	2BR	Legendary Creature — Demon Clown 	Flash, invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever a permanent enters under your control, if its not your turn, put a backstab counter on it. For as long as it has a backstab counter on it, the creature has “TBR: This creature deals damage to equal to its power to target opponent.\n If this creature would deal damage, deal twice as much damage instead then remove a backstab counter”               		1	3		
Shen, Seer of Night	WU	Legendary Creature — Human Ninja 	Flash\n Disturb 3WU (You may cast this card from your graveyard transformed for its disturb cost.)\n When Shen enters, target creature you control gains protection from everything until end of turn. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything until end of turn..)		2	2		Spirit Sword		Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equip spirit or samurai 1WU.\n Equipped creature has +1/+1 and has protection from everything but Spirit Sword. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted, dealt damage, enchanted, or equipped by anything but Spirit Sword..)					
Shyvana, Guilty by Blood	1RR	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Whenever you take damage, put that many rage counters on Shyvana\n Whenever Shyvana attacks, each human you control deals 1 damage to any target.\n At the beginning of your end step, if Shyvana has 6 or more rage counters on   her transform her.                                       		2	2		Shyvana, Reawoken		Legendary Creature — Dragon Warrior 	Flying, haste, protection from dragons\n Whenever Shyvana attacks, each human you control deals 1 damage to defending player and each creature you control, then Each Dragon you control deals 2 damage to defending player and each creature they control.  		4	4		
Singed, Living Contagion	BRG	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	Haste, wither (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)\n when a creature you control with wither deals combat damage to a player, that creature deals that much damage to target creature they control. (This deals damage to creatures in the form of -1/-1 counters.)\n If a creature an opponent controls would die, if it has one or more -1/-1 counters, exile it instead and you make a token copy of the creature, that enters with that many +1/+1 counters except it’s a 0/0 green and black mutant creature in addition to its other types.		3	3		
Sion, Ressurected Rage	2BR	Legendary Creature — Zombie Juggernaut 	Trample, Undying\n Whenever a creature card an opponent controls is put into the graveyard from the battlefield exile it with a fuel counter on it, Sion gets +0/+X where X is the number of creature cards exiled with fuel counters.\n Sion’s power and toughness are swapped for as long as he has a counter on him.\n If Sion would be put into a graveyard from the battlefield if his power is greater than his toughness exile him instead.		2	8		
Sivir, Fortune Hunter	2RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Nomad 	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)\n At the beginning of combat, each player may pay any amount of mana, Sivir can only attack the player who payed the least.\n If an opponent payed three or more mana for a spell or an ability you control, create a tapped treasure token.		7	5		
Skarner, Ixtal's Tremor	2GUR	Legendary Creature — Elemental Scorpion 	As Skarner enters, exile a land you control.\n Coalesce — Whenever Skarner enters or attacks, if the land could produce blue mana draw a card if the land could produce red mana deal 2 damage to any target and if it could produce green mana add GG to your mana pool. If this is the third time this ability has triggered repeat it twice. then return the land to the battlefield tapped.		5	5		
Sona, Silent Song	WU	Legendary Creature — Human Bard 	T: Put a verse counter on Sona then choose one, where X is the number of verse counters on Sona —\n • Gain X life.\n • Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn.\n •Tap any number of nonland permanents with combined mana value X or less.             		0	2		
Soraka, the Starchild	2GW	Legendary Creature — Archon Cleric 	Whenever one or more creatures with base power and toughness 1/1 enter under your control, gain 2 life and draw a card.\n T: Regenerate each other creature you control, for each creature that is regenerated this way, you lose 2 life. (The next time this creature would be destroyed this turn, it isn’t. Instead tap it, remove all damage from it, and remove it from combat.)		1	4		
Swain, Demon Keeper	2U	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	Partner with Raum, Demon of Secrets (When this creature enters, target player may put Raum into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell from anywhere other than their hand, draw a card.\n Whenever one or more creatures deal combat damage to a player, that player exiles that many cards from their hand face down with a surveillance counter on them, they may cast them for as long as they remain exiled this way.		1	3		
Sylas, Bane of Demacia	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Whenever you counter a spell, copy it, you may spend mana as though it were any color to cast the spell and as though it had convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)		2	3		
Syndra, Infinite Potential	3WUB	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Syndra, Infinite Potential can’t be countered.\n Flying\n When Syndra enters, if it was cast, for each opponent create a Black-hole enchantment token with “Exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until Black-hole leaves the battlefield.”\n Whenever Syndra attacks, you may put any number of cards exiled with enchantments you control into their owners graveyard if you do each opponent loses life equal to the mana value of cards put into their graveyard this way.		4	5		
Tahm Kench, Demon of Gluttony	2BGU	Legendary Creature — Fish Demon 	Tribute 2, tribute 2, tribute 2, tribute 2\n When Tahm Kench enters, for each time his tribute was payed, the player who payed the tribute discards a card if that player can’t they lose the game then you draw a card for each time the tribute was not payed.\n Whenever Tahm Kench attacks, exile target creature defending player controls until Tahm Kench leaves the battlefield.	“Call me King, call me demon. Water forgets the name of the drowned.”	3	3		
Taliyah, Rubble Rouser	1RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Whenever Taliyah enters or attacks, return a desert card from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1. If the land was a desert make twice as many instead.\n At the beginning of each endstep you may cast a permanent spell from your graveyard with mana value X or less without paying its mana cost where X is the number of rocks you have sacrificed this turn.		3	3		
Talon, Blade Unseen	RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Equip cost X less to attach where X is the number of blood counters on your opponents.\n Whenever Talon deals combat damage to a player, for each equipment attached to him that player gains a bleed counter, for as long as that player has one or more bleed counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of bleed counters on them then remove a bleed counter from them.               		3	3		
Taric, Shimmering Hope	3WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Taric 	[+1]: Gain 2 life and put a loyalty counter on Taric for each creature that dealt combat damage this turn.\n [-2]: Distribute up to two shield counters among creatures you control.\n [-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you gain life, creatures you control get +X/+X and indestructible, where X is the amount of life you gained.”\n Taric, Shimmering Hope can be your commander.				5	
Teemo, Mischievous Poisoner	1BGU	Legendary Creature — Yordle Scout 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n TGU: Prevent all damage to a creature or player from one source. then Teemo loses invisible\n Whenever damage from one or more sources is prevented, Teemo deals two damage to target player.\n At the beginning of your endstep, create a tapped black and green 0/1 Plant creature token named Puffcap with “When this creature dies, if it was dealt damage this turn, deal 1 damage to each creature target opponent controls” and Teemo gains invisible.             		2	2		
Thresh, Restless Shackles	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Spirit Warden 	When Thresh enters, create Thresh’s Lantern with hexproof and “If a nontoken creature an opponent controls dies, exile it instead.”\n Whenever Thresh attacks, choose any number of exiled cards exiled with Thresh’s Lantern and return them to the battlefield tapped and attacking. Thresh’s Lantern deals X damage to you where X is the total mana value of creatures returned this way, exile them at the beginning of the next endstep.         		3	6		
Tristana, The Bandle Gunner	3UR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Ranger 	Double strike\n When Tristana enters, each opponent gets a colorless artifact token named bomb with “Enters the battlefield with three charge counters on it, whenever one or more creatures an opponent controls deals combat damage to you put two charge counters on it. At the beginning of your endstep, if no counters have been put on the bomb since your last endstep sacrifice it. Whenever a bomb leaves the battlefield it deals X damage to you and each creature you control where X is the amount of charge counters on the bomb.”		3	3		
Trundle, Proclaimed King	2GUR	Legendary Creature — Troll Warrior 	Trolls you control have haste and trample\n Whenever a troll deals damage to an opponent, destroy target artifact or enchantment they control with mana value less than or equal to the amount of damage dealt this way.\n Whenever an artifact or enchantment an opponent controls is put into the graveyard from the battlefield, draw a card and put a +1/+1 counter on each troll you control. 		4	4		
Tryndamere, Frozen Fury	4R	Legendary Creature — Human Berserker 	Creatures have vigilance.\n Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to creatures you control.\n At the beginning of each players endstep, all creatures that player controls that did not attack this turn become tapped.		4	2		
Twisted Fate, Dealer of Destiny	1URW	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	T: Draw a card and discard a card\n Whenever you discard a blue card untap target permanent, This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever you discard a red card deal 2 damage to any target, This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever you discard a white card tap target permanent, This ability triggers only once each turn. 		4	4		
Twitch, The Spreading Plague	1BG	Legendary Creature — Rat Rogue 	Invisible, toxic 1 (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage. Players dealt combat damage by this creature also get a poison counter.)\n Corrupted — At the beginning of your endstep for each opponent who has 3 or more poison counters return a creature with mana value less than the number of poison counters they control to the battlefield unless that player pays life equal to it’s mana value and discards a card.        		2	2		
Udyr, Ethereal Avalanche	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Iceborn Shaman 	Converge — Whenever Udyr enters or attacks, reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a god card, shuffle all other cards revealed this way and put that card on top of it. If that god was blue draw a card, if that god was red create a tapped treasure token and if that god was green create a 2/2 green bear token.             		4	6		
Urgot, Zauns Weapon	2BG	Legendary Artifact Creature — Human  	T: Exile target creature from a graveyard, if you do draw a card, and as long as the creature remains exiled, Urgot gains its power and toughness wherever he is.		3	3		
Varus, Bow of Retribution	3BR	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has lifelink and reach\n As Varus enters, create two legendary 2/2 white human creature tokens named Valmar and Kai\n Whenever a creature you control named Kai dies, you may exile a creature named Valmar. If you do, exile Varus and return him to the battlefield transformed under its owner’s control.\n Equip 3\n Can be your commander					Varus, Unstable Malevolence		Legendary Creature — Darkin Ranger 	Lifelink, reach\n Whenever Varus attacks, he deals damage equal to his power to target defending creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever Varus deals lethal damage to a creature, exile it instead. You may cast creatures exiled with Varus for as long as it remains exiled. whenever you  cast a spell an opponent owns they may pay life equal to its mana value if they do counter the spell.               		6	6		
Vayne, Glimmer in the Shadow	1RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	Invisible (This creature can’t be the target of spells or abilities and can’t be blocked, This creature loses this effect if they deal damage.)\n Whenever another nontoken creature enters, if it wasn’t cast, you may have its controller lose three life, if you lost life this way draw a card.\n Whenever a nonhuman creature an opponent controls dies, you may exile Vayne and up to one target human you control, return them to the battlefield at the beginning of the next endstep.		3	2		
Veigar, Twisted Mage	3UB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Wizard 	T: Choose target creature an opponent controls, that creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, when that creature dies this turn, choose a instant or sorcery in your graveyard that was put there from anywhere this turn, you may cast it this turn, if its mana value is less then X you may cast it without paying its mana cost Where X is the number of instants and sorceries you have cast this turn.	​	3	3		
Vel'Koz, Scion of the Watchers	2UU	Legendary Creature — Voidling Eye 	When Vel’koz enters, look at target opponents hand then name a card.\n Whenever an opponents plays a named card, draw a card, look at target opponents hand, then name a new card.		3	3		
Vex, Shadowcaster	1UB	Legendary Creature — Yordle Warlock 	Skulk\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell, if its not their turn they lose 2 life.\n Whenever vex deals combat damage to a player, pick one:\n • They lose life equal to the amount of life they lost before combat this turn.\n • Return target creature they control to their  hand.		1	4		
Vi, Impulsive Haymaker	2UR	Legendary Creature — Human Rebel 	Partner with Caitlyn\n First strike\n Whenever Vi deals combat damage to a player, Antagonize each creature that player controls until the end of your next turn (Antagonized creatures must attack each combat if able and must attack you or a planeswalker you control.)\n Whenever one or more creatures attack you or a planeswalker you control, you may choose to defend target battle until end of turn then you may redirect a creature of your choice to attack the battle. 		5	3		
Viego, The Ruined King	BBB	Legendary Creature — Zombie Noble 	Lifelink, Protection from creatures with ruin counters (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by creatures with ruin counters.)\n When Viego enters the battlefield, if he was cast, exile him and return him transformed under your control.\n Creatures with ruin counters can’t attack you or planeswalkers you control.		6	6		The Ruination		Enchantment — Saga 						
Viktor, Herald of Progress	2UBR	Legendary Artifact Creature — Human Artificer 	At the beginning of your endstep you may sacrifice an artifact If you do you may choose an option based on how many times this ability has triggered this game --\n 1+ return target artifact from your graveyard to your hand.\n 2+ you may put an artifact card from your hand onto the battlefield.\n 3+ you may return another target artifact card from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n 4+ search your library for an artifact card put it onto the battlefield then shuffle.		4	5		
Vladimir, Blood Craving	4BR	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Lifelink\n Whenever you lose life for first time each turn, each opponent gets a blood counter, for as long as that player has one or more blood counter, at the beginning of their upkeep that player loses life equal to the number of blood counters on them then remove a blood counter from them.\n Whenever an opponent loses life from a blood counter you gain that much life.		3	6		
Volibear, Aurora of Thunder	3GG	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Bear God 	Indestructible, trample\n As long as other creatures you control have less than fifteen power, Volibear is not a creature.\n At the beginning of each combat on each player’s turn, that players creature with the highest power gains haste and is goaded until end of turn, then if that creature has less power than each of your creatures, draw a card.            		13	13		
Warwick, Wild Experiment	BG	Legendary Creature — Dog Horror 	Lifelink\n Fateful hour — As long as you have 5 or less life, if you were to gain life gain twice as much instead\n Warwick has haste as long as an opponent has less than half their starting life total\n Whenever Warwick attacks, he gains double strike if the defending player has less then half their starting life total.		3	3		
Wukong, Living Cyclone	RW	Legendary Creature — Monkey Monk 	Haste\n Whenever a player casts a spell if it only targets Wukong create a non-legendary token copy of it change the spells target to the copy.\n If Wukong is your commander, tokens called Wukong, Living Cyclone are also your commander.		2	1		
Xayah, Sleuthing Songbird	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Bird Rogue 	Partner\n Skulk\n Creatures you control have ward X where X is the number of creatures in your party.\n As long as you have a full party, clerics, rogues, warriors and wizards you control have hexproof and skulk.\n This Spell costs 1 less to cast for each time you have cast another commander from the command zone.         		2	3		
Xerath, Cursed by Envy	3UU	Legendary Creature — God Avatar 	Xerath’s power and toughness are equal to the number of cards in your hand.\n Ascend\n You have no maximum hand size.\n When Xerath dies, you may return him to the battlefield transformed, if you do, gain control of target creature.                   		*	*		Xerath, Saikhal Tomb		Legendary Artifact Land	(Transforms from Xerath, Cursed by Envy.)\n T: Add U.\n T, 2U: Transform Xerath, activate this ability if you control no permanents owned by other players.					
Yasuo, Wind of Resolve	2WU	Legendary Creature — Human Samurai 	Whenever one or more other historic permanents enters, draw a card, this ability may trigger thrice each turn.\n If you had legendary permanent an artifact and a saga enter the battlefield this turn exile target permanent its owner may cast it for as long as it remains exiled, if you control that permanent you may play that card as though it had Flash and without paying its mana cost.		3	3		
Yone, Displaced Duelist	WUBR	Legendary Creature — Demon Spirit 	Spiritbond (As Yone, Displaced Duelist enters, they pair with a creature in your graveyard for as long as either creature is on the battlefield or in your graveyard.)\n As long as Yone is paired with a creature, each of those creatures gain first strike, Vigilance and haste and whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice this creature. If you do, return the creature it is paired with to the battlefield.		4	4		
Yorick, Undead Shepherd	4BB	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	At the beginning of your upkeep, if you don’t control a creature named Maiden of the Mist, you may sacrifice a creature, if you do create a Legendary 4/4 black wraith creature token named Maiden of the Mist, with “If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die, exile that card and create a 2/2 black zombie creature token with decayed” (It can’t block. When it attacks, sacrifice it at end of combat.)\n Zombies you control have “This creature can’t be sacrificed”		5	5		
Yuumi, Keeper of Book	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Cat Wizard 	Bestow 1GW\n At the beginning of your upkeep you may pay 1GW and attach Yuumi to target creature.\n At the beginning of your upkeep and whenever Yuumi becomes attached to a creature, put a friendship counter on the enchanted creature.\n Enchanted creature gets +X/+X, Ward X and “Spells you cast that target this creature cost X less to cast where X is the number of friendship counters on this creature.”		0	2		
Zac, Indomitable Sludge	3GG	Legendary Creature — Mutant Ooze 	T: Put a goo counter on target creature, that creature is a ooze for as long as there is a goo counter on that creature.\n Whenever a nontoken, nonlegendary ooze you control dies, you may exile it from your graveyard if you do create two token copies of that creature, except their base power is half that creature’s power and their base toughness is half that creature’s toughness. Round up each time.                    		0	3		
Zed, Harmony in Shadow	2BR	Legendary Creature — Human Ninja 	Commander Ninjutsu BR\n If Zed or another shade or ninja creature would deal damage to a player, if that players life is less then half of their starting total, deal twice that much instead.\n At the beginning of your end step, Zed deals X damage to each opponent, where X is the number of effects or permanents that dealt them damage this turn.		4	2		
Zeri, Volatile Spark	GUR	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	Whenever Zeri or another human you control enters, gain E, then you may spend any number of E, if you do, that creature gets haste and +1/+1 for each energy spent until end of turn.  		2	2		
Ziggs, Crazed Detonation	2BR	Legendary Creature — Yordle Artificer 	T: Add CCC to your mana pool spend this mana only to active abilities of artifacts you control.\n Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, deal X damage to any target where X is the mana value of the sacrificed artifact. 		2	2		
Zilean, Keeper of Icathia	4URW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	Eminence — If a spell you control would resolve, if Zilean is in the command zone or on the battlefield, you may exile it instead.\n Flash\n This spell cant be countered. This spell costs 1 less to cast for each spells exiled by Zilean.\n When Zilean enters, you may cast any number of spells exiled by Zilean without paying their mana costs.		4	5		
Zoe, Mischief Incarnate	1WUBRG	Legendary Planeswalker — Zoe 	[0]: You may exile target instant or sorcery from an opponents graveyard, for as long as it remains exiled, you may cast that spell, if you cast it this turn, you may distribute X loyalty counters among planeswalkers you control, where X is the spells mana value.\n [-9]: You get an emblem with “Whenever an opponent casts their first spell each turn, copy it, you may choose new targets for the copy (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token)”\n Zoe, Mischief Incarnate can be your commander.				5	
Zyra, Nature Given Form	3GG	Legendary Creature — Human Plant 	T: Create a copy of the card rampant growth, you may cast the copy.\n Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, create a 0/1 green plant creature token then Put a +1/+1 counter on each plant and each creature you control that is also a land.\n If a land were to be put onto the battlefield, if it was not put there from your hand, it enters as a 0/1 plant with two +1/+1 counters on it untap it. (It’s still affected by summoning sickness).		3	3		
Milio, Gentle Flame	2RG	Legendary Creature — Human Shaman 	Elemental spells you control have assist. (Another player can pay up to 2 of this spell’s cost.)\n Whenever another player pays mana on an elemental spell you control, that player copies that spell.	“I carry my family with me!” \n 	3	3		
Kindred, The Black Wolf	1BG	Legendary Creature — Wolf Incarnation 	Partner with Kindred, Lamb of Light (When this creature enters, target player may put Kindred into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n At the beginning of each endstep, for each opponent who sacrificed a creature this turn Kindred the Black Wolf deals damage equal to his power to target creature they control.          		3	1		
Naafiri, Pack of One	RWB	Legendary Creature — Darkin Dog 	First strike, lifelink\n When Naafiri enters, create a 1/1 white dog token.\n Whenever Naafiri deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice any number of  blood tokens. If you do, distribute twice that many +1/+1 counters among dog creatures you control.\n When Naafiri dies, return her to battlefield transformed under your control.		3	3		Naafiri, Blade of the Sands		Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 as long as it is a dog.\n Whenever equipped creature attacks, create two 1/1 white dog tokens tapped and attacking.\n Whenever a dog you control deals combat damage to a player, create a blood token then if you control 5 or more blood tokens unattach and transform Naafiri.\n Equip Dog 1\n Equip 3					
Briar, Blood Frenzy	2BR	Legendary Creature — Vampire 	Lifelink, haste\n Whenever Briar deals lethal damage to a creature, make a blood token.\n Whenever Briar attacks, she fights the creature with the lowest power if two or more creatures are tied for the lowest power you choose one of them.\n Whenever you sacrifice a blood token, put a +1/+1  counter on Brair. She gains indestructible until end of turn.		4	2		
Hwei, Bloody Blend	2WBG	Legendary Creature — Human Artist 	T: Add WBG. This mana can’t be spent on any generic costs.\n Each other multicolored creatures you control get +1/+1 for each of its colors.\n Whenever you cast your first spell each turn mill an amount equal to its colors, then you may return a card with one less color from your graveyard to your hand.        		5	5		
Willump, Friend of Ice	6RG	Legendary Snow Creature — Yeti 	Partner with Nunu\n Affinity for snow\n Whenever a non-snow permanent enters under your control, put a packed counter on target snowball you control, for as long as it has that counter it has “Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for each packed counter on it and whenever it deals combat damage sacrifice each snowball attached to this creature.”                   		4	4		
Smolder, Dragon in Training	1GUR	Legendary Creature — Dragon 	Haste, flying\n Eminence — As long as Smolder is on the battlefield or in the command zone, whenever a dragon source you control deals lethal damage to a creature, gain an experience counter.\n Whenever Smolder attacks, you may put a dragon creature with mana value less than or equal to the number of experience counters you have onto the battlefield tapped and attacking, if a dragon put onto the battlefield this way would deal damage they deal that much plus the number of experience counters you have.		2	2		
Aurora, Winter's Instrument	2GWU	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Human Wizard 	Ward 3\n Whenever Aurora attacks, populate.\n Whenever a non aura nontoken enchantment enters, create a copy of it except it’s a 1/1 white and blue spirit in addition to its other types.       		3	4		
Mel, Gilded Brilliance	2RW	Legendary Creature — Human Wizard 	If a source you control would deal noncombat to a permanent or player put that many searing counters on that permanent or player instead.\n When Mel leaves the battlefield Deal X damage to each creature and each player where X is the number of sear counters on those permanents or players whenever this deals lethal damage draw a card.		2	3		
Ambessa, Merciless Wolf	3RWB	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Dash 1RWB (You may cast this spell for its dash cost. If you do, it gains haste, and it’s returned from the battlefield to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.)\n Creature spells you cast have dash RWB\n Whenever a creature enters the battlefield you may sacrifice another creature if you do that creature gains the power and toughness of the sacrificed creature until end of turn		4	5		
Raum, Demon of Secrets	BR	Legendary Creature — Demon Bird 	Partner with Swain, Demon Keeper\n Flying\n Whenever a player casts a spell from anywhere but their hand, that spells owner loses life equal to its mana value and you make a 1/1 red and black bird creature token with flying.		1	1		
Zaahen, Night Eternal	RWB	Legendary Creature — Darkin Warrior 	Whenever a creature you control deals damage, put a determination counter on them.\n Whenever a creature you control dies if its mana value is less than the number of determination counters on that creature return it to the battlefield except it has “This permanent can’t gain determination counters.”		3	2		
Yunara, Faith Unbroken	RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ally 	Vigilance\n Other nonland, nontoken permanents you control have echo (the echo cost is equal to its mana cost)\n Whenever you pay an echo cost create a token copy of that permanent.   		2	4		
Alune, Sibling of Faith	U	Legendary Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Partner with Aphelios, Moons Marksman (When this creature enters, target player may put Aphelios into their hand from their library, then shuffle.)\n Bestow 2WU\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may return any number of enchantments you control to your hand.\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 for each aura you control.\n Equip costs cost 1 less to activate for each aura you control.		0	1		



Name	Mana Cost	Type	Rules Text	Flavor Text	Power	Toughness	Loyalty	Name 2	Mana Cost 2	Type 2	Rules Text 2	Flavor Text 2	Power 2	Toughness 2	Loyalty 2	
The Vidalian	5	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Minds Desire	4UU	Sorcery	Shuffle your library. Then exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card without paying its mana cost.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.) (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Surge of Brilliance	1U	Instant	Paradox — Draw a card for each spell you’ve cast this turn from anywhere other than your hand.\n Foretell 1U (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Heroic Intervention	1G	Instant	Permanents you control gain hexproof and indestructible until end of turn.	“Protecting my pack is my purpose” -Nidalee				
Nylea's Intervention	XGG	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Search your library for up to X land cards, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.\n • Nylea’s Intervention deals twice X damage to each creature with flying.	“I will always be my mother’s cub...”        				
The Axiomata	WU	Creature — Human Wizard 	At the beginning of each endstep, gain X life, where X is the amount of spells you have cast this turn, If X is three or greater draw a card.	“All in good time.”                               — Zilean	1	3		
Clothed in Power	1WU	Enchantment — Aura 	Vanishing 2 (This permanent enters with two time counters on it. At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from it. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)\n At the beginning of your upkeep, make a copy of enchanted creature except it has vanishing 2.					
Time Wipe	2WWU	Sorcery	Return a creature you control to its owner’s hand, then destroy all creatures.	“The way is always the same.”            — Zilean				
Frantic Search	2U	Instant	Draw two cards, then discard two cards. Untap up to three lands.					
Titanic Growth	1G	Instant	Target creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn.					
Baalkux, Daarkin Staff	BG	Legendary Artifact	Baalkux, Daarkin Staff enters the battlefield tapped.\n Pay 1 life T: Add B or G\n 3BG, Collect evidence 50: Exile Baalkux return it to the battlefield tapped under its owners control transformed with a stun counter on it. activate only as a sorcery. (To collect evidence 50, exile cards with total mana value 50 or greater from your graveyard.)\n Baalkux, Daarkin Staff can be your commander					Baalkux, Inevitable End		Legendary Creature — Darkin Treefolk 	Indestructible\n Pay 13 life T: Add thirteen mana of any combination of colors.\n Afflict 13 (Whenever that creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 13 life.) (Whenever that creature becomes blocked, defending player loses 13 life.)\n At the beginning of each endstep, if an opponent has lost 13 or more life this turn that player loses the game.		13	13		
Pix	2UB	Legendary Creature — Faerie Rogue 	Whenever you cast a spell, you may draw cards equal to its mana value, if you do, you lose that much life and each opponent may make a copy of it.		2	2		
Split the Mast	1GG	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. make a number of 1/1 blue tentacle tokens equal to the destroyed permanents mana value.\n Prevent all damage that would be dealt to tentacles you control until end of turn.					
Buhru Cultist	GU	Creature — Human Cleric 	Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard create a 1/1 blue tentacle spirit token.		2	2		
Boundless Horizon	1GU	Sorcery	Choose one. You may tap an untapped vehicle you control, if you do, choose another. You may choose the same option more than once —\n You and target opponent draw a card and make a treasure.\n Search your library for a basic land card put that card onto the battlefield tapped.\n Destroy target artifact or enchantment.					
Boxtopus	UR	Creature	If Boxtopus would deal damage to a creature or planeswalker, it deals octuple that damage instead.	“Its only going to take 8 punches.”				
Fortune Croaker	1UB	Creature — Frog Shaman 	When Fortune Croaker enters the battlefield, create a 1/1 blue salamander token with “This creature can’t be blocked.”\n T, Sacrifice a creature: Surveil 3, if that creature dealt combat damage to a player this turn draw a card.		1	3		
Idol of Nagakabouros	2GU	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any one color, create a 1/1 Blue tentacle creature token.\n T: Choose a color. add one mana of that color for each tentacles you control.					
Harsh Lesson	1BGU	Sorcery	Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n For each creature on the battlefield, create that many tentacle creature tokens. Tentacles you control gain lifesteal and “Tap this creature: It deals damage equal to its power to any target”					
Mutating Vessel	3UB	Artifact — Vehicle 	Vehicles you control are horrors in addition to their other types\n Whenever a horror creature you control attacks exile the top card of defending players library you may play that card as long as you dealt damage with a horror this turn		4	5		
Stacked Deck	WU	Sorcery	Reveal the top card of your library and put that card in your hand, if that card is not colorless or does not share a color with any other cards revealed this way, repeat this process.					
Monkey's Treasure	2	Artifact	T, Put a Wish counter on Monkey’s Treasure, target opponent gains control of it: Add X mana of any one color where X is the number of wish counters on Monkey’s Treasure.					
High Market		Land	T: Add C.\n T, Sacrifice a creature: You gain 1 life.					
Petricite Broadwing	1W	Artifact Creature — Golem Bird 	Flying defender ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n Tithe — As long as an opponent has payed a cost or a spell an opponent controls has been countered, Petricite Broadwing can attack as though it did not have defender.      		3	3		
Petricite Stag	2WW	Artifact Creature — Golem Deer 	Ward 3 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)\n While an opponent is choosing targets as part of casting a spell they control or activating an ability they control, that player must choose to target Petrcite stag if able.		3	3		
Demacian Manifest	2WU	Sorcery	Choose two, you may reveal two white cards from your hand. If you do, choose another —\n • Detain each nonland permanent with mana value 3 or less.\n • Return two target detained permanents to their owners hands.\n • return a permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.					
Petricite Hound	2W	Artifact Creature — Golem Dog 	Defender Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n If another permanent you control becoming the target of a spell or ability would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, that ability triggers an additional time.          		3	3		
Ornn's Forge	1R	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Free From Ice	1GU	Snow Sorcery	Search your library for a creature card with mana value 5 or less, exile it with a number of encased counters equal to it’s mana cost.\n it gains “Whenever an opponent casts a spell remove you may remove a slumber counter then if there are no more slumber counters put this creature onto the battlefield”					
The Watchers	UB	Legendary Creature						
Underground Match Fixing	1B	Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Champions Knuckles	2G	Artifact — Equipment 	When Champions Knuckles enters, target creature you control fights another target creature you don’t control.\n Whenever a creature you control fights and wins, attach Champions Knuckles to that creature and put a victory counter on Champions Knuckles.\n Equipped creature gets +X/+X and “Whenever this creature wins a fight or deals combat damage to player, create X tapped Treasure tokens” Where X is the number of victory counters on Champions Knuckles.\n Equip 0, this ability costs 1 more to activate per victory counter on Champions Knuckles.					
Sanctified Scriptures	2G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant land\n When enchanted land is tapped for mana, its controller adds X additional mana of any combination of colors where X is the number of sagas you control.\n Enchanted land has “T: Copy target triggered ability from a saga source you control.”					
Alpha Strike	RGW	Sorcery	Exile target creature you control, deal damage equal to its power divided among any number of target creatures. Then return the exiled creature to the battlefield.					
Ionian Manifest	2GU	Sorcery	Choose two, you may return a land you control to your hand. If you do, choose another —\n • Search your library for up to 2 basic lands, reveal them and put them into your hand.\n • You may put a land from your hand onto the battlefield.\n • Draw a card for each land that entered the battlefield under your control this turn					
Mana Sentinel	1GU	Creature — Golem 	Whenever a player expends 3, Put a +1/+1 counter on blue sentinel.\n At the beginning of each player’s first main phase, that player adds X mana of any one color to their mana pool, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Mana Sentinel.					
Praa, The Darkin Fan	1GW	Legendary Enchantment — Aura 	Enchanted creature gains vigilance\n Whenever enchanted creature attacks create a a green and white dragon token with vigilance, flying and its size is equal to the enchanted creature. Then if you control 5 or more dragons unattach and transform Praa.    \n Praa, The Darkin Fan can be your commander. 					Praa, Breachwalker		Legendary Creature — Darkin Spirit Dragon 	Modified creatures you control get +1/+1 (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)\n Whenever you transform Praa, make nine nonlegendary copies of Praa, then distribute a flying counter, a first strike counter, a hexproof counter, a lifelink counter, a reach counter, a trample counter, a vigilance counter, an indestructible counter, a haste counter and a deathtouch counter evenly among darkins you control.		2	2		
Red Brambleback	RG	Creature						
Showstopper	2RG	Sorcery	Target creature you control fights another target creature you don’t control, whenever excess damage is dealt to the creature you don’t control your creature deals that much damage to that creatures controller and each other creature they control.					
Agrestal Pastures		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Agrestal Pastures enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2GW (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or G activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add GW”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, create a 1/1 white monk creature token.					
Darkwood Retreat		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Darkwood Retreat enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2BG (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add B or G activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add BG”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, mill two, then you may sacrifice Darkwood Retreat. If you do, return up to one land card from among the milled cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.					
Draconic Aerie		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Draconic Aerie enters tapped.\n Sanctify BR (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add B or R activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add B or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped. target creature gets +1/+0 until end of turn.					
Fabled Passage		Land	T, Sacrifice Fabled Passage: Search your library for a basic land card, put it into the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control four or more lands, untap that land.					
Frostfallen Swordgrave		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Frostfallen Swordgrave enters tapped.\n Sanctify WB (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or B activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or B”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, exile target card from a graveyard.					
Prismatic Fields		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Prismatic Fields enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2RG (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add R or G activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add RG”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target creature gains Trample until end of turn, if that creatures base power is less than four it becomes four until end of turn.					
Radiant Coastline		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Radiant Coastline enters tapped.\n Sanctify WU (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.) (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or U activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or U”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, gain 1 life.					
Riverside Trail		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Riverside Trail enters tapped.\n Sanctify UB (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add U or B  activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add U or B”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target opponent loses a life.					
Skyscraped Canyon		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Skyscraped Canyon enters tapped.\n Sanctify RW (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add W or R activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add W or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, target creature gains Haste until end of turn.					
Sprawling Treehouse		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Sprawling Treehouse enters tapped.\n Sanctify 2GU (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add G or U activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add GU”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, you may put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control with no counters on it.					
Vivid Embankment		Enchantment Land — Sanctuary 	Vivid Embankment enters tapped.\n Sanctify UR (If you cast this card for its Sanctify cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant land. It becomes a land again if it’s not attached.)\n T: Add U or R activate this ability only if it’s a land.\n Enchanted land has “T: Add U or R”\n Whenever enchanted land becomes tapped, scry 1.					
Sorting Sides	2UUU	Sorcery	Demonstrate (When you cast this spell, you may copy it. If you do, choose an opponent to also copy it.)\n Each opponent chooses a nonland, nontoken permanent they control and own, gain control of those permanents.					
Atakhan, Ruin Contained	5BBB	Legendary Creature — Demon Shade 	Trample, ward—Atakhan’s controller chooses a creature card in your graveyard to return to the battlefield under their control.\n When you cast Atakhan, return the creature with the greatest mana value from your graveyard to the battlefield, you lose life equal to its cost\n Whenever Atakhan attacks, you may sacrifice any number of creatures, if you do, Atakahn gets +X/+X until end of turn, each opponent loses X life and you gain life equal to the amount lost this way where X is the total mana value of the creatures sacrificed.					
Demonic Ascension	1BR	Enchantment	At the beginning of each upkeep, put a flare counter on Demonic Ascension, if Demonic Ascension has 3 or more flare counters, remove them and, tap and deal 1 damage to each creature you don’t control.\n At the beginning of each player’s end step, if no creatures are on an opponents battlefield, sacrifice Demonic Ascension.					
Founding the Immortal Bastion	1UBR	Legendary Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I — Amass humans 3.\n Draw 2 cards.\n II — Each opponent reveals their hand, you may choose a card from among them, exile it.\n III — You lose 5 life, then choose a previous chapter ability to repeat twice.					
The Leviathan	4BR	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	Hideaway 3 Hideaway 3 Hideaway 3\n Whenever The Leviathan attacks, you may put a creature card exiled by The Leviathan onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.\n Whenever the Leviathan leaves the battlefield, return all cards exiled by it to their owners hands.\n Crew 6					
Noxian Manifest	2BR	Sorcery	Choose two, you may tap an untapped Warrior you control. If you do, choose another —\n • Choose target creature with mana value 2 or less gain control of it, it becomes a Warrior in addition to its other types.\n • Each opponent sacrifices an artifact, for each artifact destroyed this way create a tapped Treasure token.\n • Deal X damage to target creature or planeswalker where X is the number of creatures you control.					
T-Hex		Artifact — Vehicle 			2	2		
Ruined Manifest	2UB	Sorcery	Choose two, you may exile three cards from your graveyard. If you do, choose another —\n • Mill five, you may exile any number of cards milled this way.\n • Return up to one target creature from your graveyard to your hand, if its mana value is 3 or less, return it to the battlefield instead.\n • Gain X life, surveil X, where X is the number of creature cards that left your graveyard this turn.					
Zaunite Manifest	2BG	Sorcery	Choose two, you may discard a card. If you do, choose another —\n • You may sacrifice a permanent. If you do, draw two cards.\n • Return up to one target creature with mana value X or less to the battlefield, where X is the amount of times you have descended this turn.\n • Each opponent who has less creatures than you discards a card, then each opponent who has less cards in hand than you sacrifices a creature.					
Shuriman Manifest	2RW	Sorcery	Choose two, if you control two Deserts, choose another —\n • Until the end of your next turn, if you would create a token, create twice that many instead.\n • Create two 1/1 Sand creature tokens.\n • Deal damage equal to the number of creatures you control to target creature or planeswalker.					
The Immortal Bastion	3B	Legendary Enchantment — Landmark 	​				3	
Horazi, Darkin Focus	U	Legendary Artifact	When Horazi enters the battlefield, draw a card.\n 1UB, pay 3 life, T: Choose five different card names, then put the bottom five cards of your library into your graveyard, if those cards all share a name with cards chosen this way return those cards to your hand, exile Horazi, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.\n Horazi, Darkin Focus can be your commander.					Horazi, Seeker of Oblivion		Legendary Creature — Darkin Wizard 	Flying\n You have no maximum hand size.\n You may cast only one spell during each of your opponents turns.\n At the beginning of each upkeep you may name a card, you may play the named card this turn without paying its mana cost and as though it had flash.		3	7		
Chaos Warp	2R	Instant	The owner of target permanent shuffles it into their library, then reveals the top card of their library. If it is a permanent card, they put it onto the battlefield.					
Invasion of Icathia	1WW	Battle — Siege 	When Invasion of Ixtal enters the battlefield, create two colorless 1/1 Voidling creatures with “Devoid, ingest” (Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)				4	
Hunger of the Void	1WB	Instant	Target creature gets consumed by the void.	“You call us nothing, yet we are everything. Every place, every time... we are you.” -Bel’Veth				
It Consumes All	3WWB	Sorcery	Consume all nonland permanents.	“A final feast to devour the world.” -Bel’Veth				
Nethergrasp	WUB	Instant	Consume any number of target spells.	“All life will be repurposed. The void will live.” -Bel’Veth				
Void Abomination	7UB	Legendary Creature — Voidling Horror 	Flying\n As you cast this spell you may put up to seven cards from exile or the void into their owners graveyard, this costs 1 less to cast for each card put into a graveyard this way\n Whenever a card enters or leaves the void each opponent loses two life and you gain two life					
Stryaatu, Song of Rage	1BR	Legendary Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep and when Stryaatu enters the battlefield, put a chorus counter on Stryaatu, then gain control of any number of target nontoken creatures with mana value X or less until end of turn where X is the number of chorus counters on Styraatu they gain haste and can’t be sacrificed until end of turn\n Whenever you attack with three or more creatures you don’t own exile Styraatu then return it to the battlefield tapped and attacking.\n Stryaatu, Song of Rage can be your commander					Styraatu, Tendrills Of Madness		Legendary Creature — Darkin Incarnation 	Menace, Lifelink\n Whenever Styraatu deals combat damage to an opponent, exile each creature you control that is owned by that player, you may cast spells exiled this way by paying life equal to its mana value rather than pay its mana cost.   		6	5		
Sunk Cost	7U	Sorcery	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Overload 8UUU (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)\n Put target non-land permanent on the bottom of their owner’s library					
Gorlith the Unscaleable	8WW	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Ward 6 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 6.)\n Other permanents you control have hexproof and indestructible		6	14		
Poro's Affection	G/W	Sorcery	Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a Poro card, if its a creature with mana value less than the number of Poros you control put it onto the battlefield, otherwise put it into your hand.					
Poro Soldier	1WW	Creature — Poro Soldier 	Soldiers and Poros you control have ward 1. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 1.)\n Poro’s with base power or toughness less than 2 become 2.		2	2		
Proto Poro	GW	Creature — Poro 	Flash\n When Proto Poro enters, up to one target creature gains hexproof until end of turn, if that creature is a Poro, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.		2	2		
Mighty Poro	7WW	Creature — Poro Warrior 	Affinity for poros (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each poro you control.)\n Whenever Mighty Poro enters reveal the top X cards of your library where X is the number of Poros you control, you may put any number of Poros from among them into your hand and put the rest on the bottom of your library.		5	6		
Poro, Heart of the Fluft	W	Creature — Poro Knight 	if Poro, Healt of the Fluft or another Poro would enter the battlefield, if no mana was spent to cast them they enter with a +1/+1 counter.		1	1		
Poro Play Time	2W	Sorcery	Choose up to 3 🥖 Worth of modes. You may choose the same mode more than once.\n 🥖 — Create a 1/1 white Poro token\n 🥖 — You may put a Poro with mana value 2 or less from your hand onto the battlefield\n 🥖🥖 — Return a Poro with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield					
Poro Shepherd	1W	Creature — Human Shaman 	Poro creatures you control have Convoke. (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for 1 or one mana of that creature’s color.)\n At the beginning of your endstep, untap target Poro you control.		1	2		
Sledding Poro	1WU	Creature — Poro 	Poros you control have haste.\n Whenever one or more Poros you control attacks, you may put a Poro card with mana value less than the number of attacking Poros onto the battlefield tapped and attacking.		2	2		
Fabled Poro	RW	Creature — Poro 	When Fabled Poro enters the battlefield, if you control five or more Poros, up to one target equipment becomes a masterwork.					
Poro Canon	RW	Sorcery	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a Poro.\n Deal 6 damage to any target.					
Destined Poro	1W	Creature — Poro  	When Destined Poro enters, you gain 1 life and draw a card.		1	1		
Exalted Poro	2WW	Creature — Poro  Noble 	Flying, ascend\n Whenever Ascended Poro attacks, create a 1/1 white Poro creature token.\n As long as you have cities blessing, if one or more tokens would be made under your control, twice as many are created instead.		2	4		
The Great Stand	GWU	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I, II, III — Choose one that has not been chosen: Draw a card for each lore counter on The Great Stand. Gain four life for each lore counter on The Great Stand. Create a 2/2 green and blue fox spirit with flying and “This creature can’t block” for each lore counter on The Great Stand.\n ​\n ​					
Lamppost	1	Artifact	Creatures your opponents control can be targeted as though they don’t have hexproof. Targeting those creatures does not cause triggered abilities to trigger.					
Citybreaker	2R	Artifact — Vehicle 	Vigilance\n T, Sacrifice an artifact or creature: Citybreaker deals damage equal to the cards mana value plus the number of creatures that have crewed Citybreaker this turn\n Crew 5		4	5		
Blasphemous Act	8R	Sorcery	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature on the battlefield.\n Blasphemous Act deals 13 damage to each creature.					
Winding Desert		Land — Desert 	Winding Desert enters tapped\n T: Sacrifice Winding Desert: Search your library for a basic land or a Desert card, put that card onto the battlefield then shuffle your library.					
Site of the Sun Disc		Legendary Land — Desert 	Ascend (If you control ten or more permanents, you get the city’s blessing for the rest of the game.)\n Site of the Sun Disc the battlefield tapped\n T: Add C\n T: Add two mana in any combination of colors, activate this ability only if you have the city’s blessing or control a God. 					
Scorching Sands	2R	Enchantment	Whenever this or a Desert enters the battlefield under your control, scorching sands deals 1 damage to target player and each creature that player controls.					
Treasure Seeker	RW	Creature — Human Nomad 	Provoke (Whenever this creature attacks, you may have target creature defending player controls untap and block it if able.)\n Enrage — When this creature takes damage create a treasure token.		1	3		
Rampaging Baccai	1RG	Creature — Hyena Warrior 	Enrage — Whenever this creature takes damage target opponent  sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.		2	3		
Arcane Signet	2	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.					
Conduit of Worlds	2GG	Artifact	You may play lands from your graveyard.\n T: Choose target nonland permanent card in your graveyard. If you haven’t cast a spell this turn, you may cast that card. If you do, you can’t cast additional spells this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Fellwar Stone	2	Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.					
Inspiring Statuary	3	Artifact	Nonartifact spells you cast have improvise. (Your artifacts can help cast this spell. Each artifact you tap after you’re done activating mana abilities pays for 1.)					
Realmbreaker, the Invasion Tree	3	Legendary Artifact	2, T:Target opponent mills three cards. Put a land card from their graveyard onto the battlefield tapped under your control. It gains “If this land would leave the battlefield, exile it instead of putting it anywhere else.”\n 10, T, Sacrifice Realmbreaker: Search your library for any number of Praetor cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Sol Ring	1	Artifact	T: Add CC					
Swiftfoot Boots	2	Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature has hexproof and haste. (This permanent can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)\n Equip 1					
Zuran Orb	0	Artifact	Sacrifice a land: You gain 2 life.					
Arboreal Grazer	G	Creature — Sloth Beast 	Reach\n When this creature enters, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.		0	3		
Avenger of Zendikar	5GG	Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each land you control.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may put a +1/+1 counter on each Plant creature you control.		5	5		
Azusa, Lost but Seeking	2G	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	You may play two additional lands on each of your turns.		1	2		
Baylen, the Haymaker	RGW	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Warrior 	Tap two untapped tokens you control: Add one mana of any color.\n Tap three untapped tokens you control: Draw a card.\n Tap four untapped tokens you control: Put three +1/+1 counters on Baylen. It gains trample until end of turn.		4	3		
Chishiro, the Shattered Blade	2RG	Legendary Creature — Snake Samurai	Whenever an Aura or Equipment you control enters, create a 2/2 red Spirit creature token with menace.\n At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on each modified creature you control. (Equipment, Auras you control, and counters are modifications.)		4	4		
Dune Chanter	2G	Creature — Druid Plant 	Reach\n Lands you control and land cards you own that aren’t on the battlefield are Deserts in addition to their other types.\n Lands you control have “: Add one mana of any color.”\n T: Mill two cards. You gain 1 life for each land card milled this way.		2	3		
Jaheira, Friend of the Forest	2G	Legendary Creature — Human Elf Druid	Tokens you control have “: Add .”\n Choose a Background (You can have a Background as a second commander.) (You can have a Background as a second commander.)		2	3		
Lotus Cobra	1G	Creature — Snake 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, add one mana of any color.		2	1		
Maja, Bretagard Protector	2GWW	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior	Other creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 white Human Warrior creature token.		2	3		
Mina and Denn, Wildborn	2RG	Legendary Creature — Elf Ally	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n RG, Return a land you control to its owner’s hand: Target creature gains trample until end of turn.		4	4		
Outcaster Greenblade	2G	Creature — Human Mercernary 	When this creature enters, search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.\n This creature gets +1/+1 for each Desert you control.		1	2		
Perennial Behemoth	5	Artifact Creature — Beast 	You may play lands from your graveyard.\n Unearth GG  (GG: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)		2	7		
Rampaging Baloths	4GG	Creature — Beast	Trample\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a 4/4 green Beast creature token.		6	6		
Ramunap Excavator	2G	Creature — Cleric Snake 	You may play lands from your graveyard.		2	3		
Reckless Fireweaver	1R	Creature — Human Artificer 	Whenever an artifact you control enters, this creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.		1	3		
Rumbleweed	10G	Creature — Elemental Plant 	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land card in your graveyard.\n Vigilance, reach, trample\n When this creature enters, other creatures you control get +3/+3 and gain trample until end of turn.		8	8		
Rumor Gatherer	1WW	Creature — Elf Wizard 	Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, scry 1. If this is the second time this ability has resolved this turn, draw a card instead.		2	1		
Sakura-Tribe Elder	1G	Creature — Snake Shaman 	Sacrifice this creature: Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.		1	1		
Sand Scout	1W	Creature — Human Scout 	When this creature enters, if an opponent controls more lands than you, search your library for a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.\n Whenever one or more land cards are put into your graveyard from anywhere, create a 1/1 red, green, and white Sand Warrior creature token. This ability triggers only once each turn.		2	2		
Shefet Monitor	5G	Creature	Cycling 3G (3G, Discard this card: Draw a card.)\n When you cycle this card, you may search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. (Do this before you draw.)		6	5		
Springbloom Druid	2G	Creature — Elf Druid 	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.		1	1		
Stangg, Echo Warrior	2RG	Legendary Creature — Human Warrior 	Whenever Stangg attacks, create Stangg Twin, a legendary 3/4 red and green Human Warrior creature token. It enters tapped and attacking. For each Aura and Equipment attached to Stangg, create a token that’s a copy of it attached to Stangg Twin. Sacrifice all tokens created this way at the beginning of the next end step.		3	4		
Tireless Provisioner	2G	Creature — Elf Scout 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a Food token or a Treasure token. (Food is an artifact with “, , Sacrifice this token: You gain 3 life.” Treasure is an artifact with “, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)		3	2		
Titania, Protector of Argoth	3GG	Legendary Creature — Elemental 	When Titania enters, return target land card from your graveyard to the battlefield.\n Whenever a land you control is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 5/3 green Elemental creature token.		5	3		
Toggo, Goblin Weaponsmith	2R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Artificer 	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)					
World Shaper	3G	Creature — Merfolk Shaman 	Whenever this creature attacks, you may mill three cards.\n When this creature dies, return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.		3	3		
Yuma, Proud Protector	5RGW	Legendary Creature — Human Ranger 	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each land card in your graveyard.\n Whenever Yuma enters or attacks, you may sacrifice a land. If you do, draw a card.\n Whenever a Desert card is put into your graveyard from anywhere, create a 4/2 green Plant Warrior creature token with reach.		6	6		
Annie Joins Up	1RGW	Legendary Enchantment	When Annie Joins Up enters, it deals 5 damage to target creature or planeswalker an opponent controls.\n If a triggered ability of a legendary creature you control triggers, that ability triggers an additional time.					
Caretaker's Talent	2W	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n Whenever one or more tokens you control enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n W: Level 2\n When Caretaker’s Talent becomes level 2, create a token that’s a copy of target token you control.\n 3W: Level 3\n Creature tokens you control get +2/+2.					
Desert Warfare	3G	Enchantment	Whenever you sacrifice a Desert and whenever a Desert card is put into your graveyard from your hand or library, put that card onto the battlefield under your control at the beginning of your next end step.\n At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control five or more Deserts, create that many 1/1 red, green, and white Sand Warrior creature tokens. They gain haste.					
Druid Class	1G	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you gain 1 life.\n 2G: Level 2\n You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n 4G: Level 3\n When this Class becomes level 3, target land you control becomes a creature with haste and “This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.” It’s still a land.					
Ghirapur Aether Grid	2R	Enchantment	Tap two untapped artifacts you control: This enchantment deals 1 damage to any target.					
Khalni Heart Expedition	1G	Enchantment	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may put a quest counter on this enchantment.\n Remove three quest counters from this enchantment and sacrifice it: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Walk-In Closet	2G	Enchantment — Room 	You may play lands from your graveyard.					Forgotten Cellar	3GG		When you unlock this door, you may cast spells from your graveyard this turn, and if a card would be put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn, exile it instead.					
Bovine Intervention	1W	Instant	Destroy target artifact or creature. Its controller creates a 2/2 white Ox creature token.					
Harrow	2G	Instant	As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice a land.\n Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Abraded Bluffs		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add R or W.					
Arid Archway		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, return a land you control to its owner’s hand. If another Desert was returned this way, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n T: Add CC.					
Bristling Backwoods		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add R or G.					
Cactus Preserve		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add one mana of any type that a land you control could produce.\n 3: Until end of turn, this land becomes an X/X green Plant creature with reach, where X is the greatest mana value among your commanders. It’s still a land.					
Command Tower		Land	T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity.					
Cradle of the Accursed		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 3, T, Sacrifice this land: Create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Creosote Heath		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target opponent.\n T: Add G or W.					
Desert of the Fervent		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n : Add R.\n Cycling 1R (1R, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Desert of the Indomitable		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n : Add G.\n Cycling 1G (1G, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Desert of the True		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped.\n : Add W.\n Cycling 1W (1W, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Dunes of the Dead		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n When this land is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, create a 2/2 black Zombie creature token.					
Endless Sands		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 2, T: Exile target creature you control.\n 4, T, Sacrifice this land: Return each creature card exiled with this land to the battlefield under its owner’s control.					
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Grasping Dunes		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T, Sacrifice this land: Put a -1/-1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Hashep Oasis		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add G.\n 1GG, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Lazotep Quarry		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Sacrifice a creature: Add one mana of any color.\n X2, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Exile target creature card with mana value X from your graveyard. Create a token that’s a copy of it, except it’s a 4/4 black Zombie. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Mirage Mesa		Land — Desert 	This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.\n T: Add one mana of the chosen color.					
Myriad Landscape		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add C.\n 2, T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for up to two basic land cards that share a land type, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Painted Bluffs		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T: Add one mana of any color.					
Ramunap Ruins		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add R.\n 2RR, T, Sacrifice a Desert: This land deals 2 damage to each opponent.					
Reliquary Tower		Land	You have no maximum hand size.\n T: Add C.					
Sandstorm Verge		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 3, T: Target creature can’t block this turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Scavenger Grounds		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 2, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Exile all graveyards.					
Shefet Dunes		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Pay 1 life: Add W.\n 2WW, T, Sacrifice a Desert: Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.					
Sunscorched Desert		Land — Desert 	When this land enters, it deals 1 damage to target player or planeswalker.\n T: Add C.					
Survivors' Encampment		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n T, Tap an untapped creature you control: Add one mana of any color.					
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Mountain		Basic Land — Mountain 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Plains		Basic Land — Plains 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Island		Basic Land — Island 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Swamp		Basic Land — Swamp 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Forest		Basic Land — Forest 						
Broken Bond	1G	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Cataclysmic Prospecting	XRR	Sorcery	Cataclysmic Prospecting deals X damage to each creature. For each mana from a Desert spent to cast this spell, create a tapped Treasure token.					
Explore	1G	Sorcery	You may play an additional land this turn.\n Draw a card.					
Explosive Vegetation	3G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two basic land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Hour of Promise	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two land cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle. Then if you control three or more Deserts, create two 2/2 black Zombie creature tokens.					
Map the Frontier	3G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to two basic land cards and/or Desert cards, put them onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Nahiri's Lithoforming	XRR	Sorcery	Sacrifice X lands. For each land sacrificed this way, draw a card. You may play X additional lands this turn. Lands you control enter tapped this turn.					
Splendid Reclamation	3G	Sorcery	Return all land cards from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.					
Sylvan Scrying	1G	Sorcery	Search your library for a land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.					
Vandalblast	R	Sorcery	Destroy target artifact you don’t control.\n Overload 4R (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
Worldsoul's Rage	XRG	Sorcery	Worldsoul’s Rage deals X damage to any target. Put up to X land cards from your hand and/or graveyard onto the battlefield tapped.					
Cyclonic Rift	1U	Instant	Return target nonland permanent you don’t control to its owner’s hand.\n Overload 6U (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
Cursed Mirror	2R	Artifact	T: Add R.\n As this artifact enters, you may have it become a copy of any creature on the battlefield until end of turn, except it has haste.					
Izzet Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add UR.					
Talisman of Conviction	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add R or W. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Progress	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or U. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Unstable Amulet	1R	Artifact	When this artifact enters, you get  EE.\n Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, this artifact deals 1 damage to each opponent.\n T, Pay EE: Exile the top card of your library. You may play it until you exile another card with this artifact.					
Dragon's Rage Channeler	R	Creature — Human Shaman 	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n Delirium — As long as there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, this creature gets +2/+2, has flying, and attacks each combat if able.		1	1		
Fury	3RR	Creature — Elemental Incarnation 	Double strike\n When this creature enters, it deals 4 damage divided as you choose among any number of target creatures and/or planeswalkers.\n Evoke—Exile a red card from your hand.		3	3		
Hideous Taskmaster	6R	Creature — Eldrazi 	Devoid\n When you cast this spell, for each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain trample, haste, and annihilator 1 until end of turn.\n Trample, haste, annihilator 1		7	2		
Ingot Chewer	4R	Creature — Elemental 	When this creature enters, destroy target artifact.\n Evoke R (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		3	3		
Narset, Jeskai Waymaster	URW	Legendary Creature — Human Monk 	At the beginning of your end step, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw cards equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.		3	4		
Nulldrifter	7	Creature — Eldrazi Elemental 	When you cast this spell, draw two cards.\n Flying\n Annihilator 1 (Whenever this creature attacks, defending player sacrifices a permanent.)\n Evoke 2U (You may cast this spell for its evoke cost. If you do, it’s sacrificed when it enters.)		4	4		
Torrent Sculptor	2UU	Creature — Merfolk Wizard 	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)\n When this creature enters, exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. Put a number of +1/+1 counters on this creature equal to half that card’s mana value, rounded up.		2	2		Flamethrower Sonata	1R	Sorcery	Discard a card, then draw a card. When you discard an instant or sorcery card this way, Flamethrower Sonata deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to target creature or planeswalker you don’t control.					
Vega, the Watcher	1WU	Legendary Creature — Bird Spirit 	Flying\n Whenever you cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, draw a card.		2	2		
Vexing Scuttler	8	Creature — Eldrazi Crab 	Emerge 6U (You may cast this spell by sacrificing a creature and paying the emerge cost reduced by that creature’s mana value.)\n When you cast Vexing Scuttler, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.         		4	5		
Wandering Archaic	5	Creature — Avatar 	Whenever an opponent casts an instant or sorcery spell, they may pay 2. If they don’t, you may copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.		4	4		Explore the Vastlands	3	Sorcery	Each player looks at the top five cards of their library and may reveal a land card and/or an instant or sorcery card from among them. Each player puts the cards they revealed this way into their hand and the rest on the bottom of their library in a random order. Each player gains 3 life.                                                  					
Amphibian Downpour	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Flash\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies. Copies become tokens.)\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a blue Frog creature with base power and toughness 1/1.					
Arcane Bombardment	4RR	Enchantment	Whenever you cast your first instant or sorcery spell each turn, exile an instant or sorcery card at random from your graveyard. Then copy each card exiled with this enchantment. You may cast any number of the copies without paying their mana costs.					
Jeskai Ascendancy	URW	Enchantment	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn. Untap those creatures.\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may draw a card. If you do, discard a card.					
Monk Class	WU	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n The second spell you cast each turn costs  less to cast.\n WU Level 2\n When this Class becomes level 2, return up to one target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.\n 1WU Level 3\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. For as long as it remains exiled, it has “You may cast this card from exile as long as you’ve cast another spell this turn.”					
Powerbalance	RR	Enchantment	Whenever an opponent casts a spell, you may reveal the top card of your library. If you do, you may cast that card without paying its mana cost if the two spells have the same mana value.					
Return the Past	4RR	Enchantment	During your turn, each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard has flashback. Its flashback cost is equal to its mana cost.					
Unable to Scream	U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and is a Toy artifact creature with base power and toughness 0/2 in addition to its other types.\n As long as enchanted creature is face down, it can’t be turned face up.					
Utter Insignificance	1U	Enchantment — Aura 	Flash\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature loses all abilities and has base power and toughness 1/1.\n 2C: Exile enchanted creature.					
Whirlwind of Thought	1URW	Enchantment	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, draw a card.					
Abrade	1R	Instant	Choose one —\n • Abrade deals 3 damage to target creature.\n • Destroy target artifact.					
Consign to Memory	U	Instant	Replicate 1 (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.) (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Counter target triggered ability or colorless spell.					
Delayed Blast Fireball	1RR	Instant	Delayed Blast Fireball deals 2 damage to each opponent and each creature they control. If this spell was cast from exile, it deals 5 damage to each opponent and each creature they control instead.\n Foretell 4RR (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Dig Through Time	6UU	Instant	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Look at the top seven cards of your library. Put two of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.					
Discontinuity	3UUU	Instant	During your turn, this spell costs 2UU less to cast.\n End the turn. (Exile all spells and abilities from the stack, including this card. The player whose turn it is discards down to their maximum hand size. Damage wears off, and “this turn” and “until end of turn” effects end.)					
Faithful Mending	WU	Instant	You gain 2 life, draw two cards, then discard two cards.\n Flashback 1WU (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Flusterstorm	U	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays 1.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)					
Fury Storm	2RR	Instant	When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you’ve cast your commander from the command zone this game. You may choose new targets for the copies.\n Copy target instant or sorcery spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Izzet Charm	UR	Instant	Choose one —\n • Counter target noncreature spell unless its controller pays 2.\n • Izzet Charm deals 2 damage to target creature.\n • Draw two cards, then discard two cards.					
Lose Focus	1U	Instant	Replicate U (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2.					
Narset's Reversal	UU	Instant	Copy target instant or sorcery spell, then return it to its owner’s hand. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Release to the Wind	2U	Instant	Exile target nonland permanent. For as long as that card remains exiled, its owner may cast it without paying its mana cost.					
Run Away Together	1U	Instant	Choose two target creatures controlled by different players. Return those creatures to their owners’ hands.					
Adarkar Wastes		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add W or U. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Battlefield Forge		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add R or W. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Clifftop Retreat		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Mountain or a Plains.\n T: Add R or W.					
Exotic Orchard		Land	T: Add one mana of any color that a land an opponent controls could produce.					
Glacial Fortress		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control a Plains or an Island.\n T: Add W or U.					
Mystic Monastery		Land	This land enters tapped.\n T: Add U, R, or W.					
Prairie Stream		Land — Plains Island 	(T: Add W or U.)\n This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.					
Temple of Enlightenment		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add W or U.					
Temple of Triumph		Land	This land enters tapped.\n When this land enters, scry 1.\n T: Add R or W.					
Narset of the Ancient Way	1URW	Legendary Planeswalker — Narset 	[+1]: You gain 2 life. Add U, R, or W. Spend this mana only to cast a noncreature spell.\n [-2]: Draw a card, then you may discard a card. When you discard a nonland card this way, Narset deals damage equal to that card’s mana value to target creature or planeswalker.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this emblem deals 2 damage to any target.”				4	
Austere Command	4WW	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Destroy all artifacts.\n • Destroy all enchantments.\n • Destroy all creatures with mana value 3 or less.\n • Destroy all creatures with mana value 4 or greater.					
Cleansing Nova	3WW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Destroy all creatures.\n • Destroy all artifacts and enchantments.					
Energy Tap	U	Sorcery	Tap target untapped creature you control. If you do, add an amount of  equal to that creature’s mana value.					
Faithless Looting	R	Sorcery	Draw two cards, then discard two cards.\n Flashback 2R (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Galvanic Relay	2R	Sorcery	Exile the top card of your library. During your next turn, you may play that card.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Jeska's Will	2R	Sorcery	Choose one. If you control a commander as you cast this spell, you may choose both instead.\n • Add R for each card in target opponent’s hand.\n • Exile the top three cards of your library. You may play them this turn.					
Mizzix's Mastery	3R	Sorcery	Exile target card that’s an instant or sorcery from your graveyard. For each card exiled this way, copy it, and you may cast the copy without paying its mana cost. Exile Mizzix’s Mastery.\n Overload 5RRR (You may cast this spell for its overload cost. If you do, change “target” in its text to “each.”)					
See the Truth	1U	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. If this spell was cast from anywhere other than your hand, put each of those cards into your hand instead.					
Shattering Spree	R	Sorcery	Replicate R (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Destroy target artifact.					
Slash the Ranks	3WW	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers except for commanders.					
Temporal Fissure	4U	Sorcery	Return target permanent to its owner’s hand.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn. You may choose new targets for the copies.)					
Treasure Cruise	7U	Sorcery	Delve (Each card you exile from your graveyard while casting this spell pays for 1.)\n Draw three cards.					
Visions of Ruin	3R	Sorcery	Each opponent sacrifices an artifact. For each artifact sacrificed this way, you create a Treasure token.\n Flashback 8RR. This spell costs  less to cast this way, where X is the greatest mana value of a commander you own on the battlefield or in the command zone. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Sinister Omens	WU	Instant	You may put a creature card with mana value 4 or less from your hand onto the battlefield return it to its owners hand at the beginning of the next endstep.					
Rahvun, Daylight's Spear	2WW	Creature — Human Soldier 	Vigilance\n Soldiers you control enter the battlefield with a shield counter them. (If it would be dealt damage or destroyed, remove a shield counter from it instead.)\n Whenever one more counters are removed from a permanent you control, you gain that much life.		3	3		
Palace Jailer	2WW	Creature — Human Soldier 	When Palace Jailer enters, you become the monarch.\n When Palace Jailer enters, exile target creature an opponent controls until an opponent becomes the monarch. (That creature returns under its owner’s control.)		2	2		
Tyari the Traveller	1WUB	Legendary Enchantment Creature — God 	When Tyari enters, choose target enchantment card in your graveyard, you may return that card to your hand, if you do, you lose life equal to its mana value.\n If an enchantment entering would cause a triggered ability of a permanent you control, that ability triggers an additional time					
The Trickster	2UU	Enchantment Creature — Otter  	Constellation — Whenever The Trickster or another non-token enchantment enters, create a blue aura enchantment token named Trick attached to another target permanent with “whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.		2	2		
The Serpent	2B	Enchantment Creature — Snake 	Constellation — Whenever an enchantment enters, target creature you control gets +1/+1 and deathtouch until end of turn.\n Whenever one or more creatures with deathtouch deal combat damage to a player, lose that much life and draw that many cards.					
Forgotten Arches		Land — Desert 	T: Add C.\n 1, T: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.\n 5, T, consume Forgotten Arches: Consume any number of target cards among all graveyards.					
Xer'sai Hatchling	WB	Creature — Voidling Rhino 	Trample, ingest 4 (Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player exiles the top card of their library.)\n Xer’sai Hatchling can’t attack unless there are eight or more cards in the void.\n at the beginning of your upkeep, consume the top card of each players library.		4	4		
Salt the Earth	2WU	Enchantment	If a card were to be put into exile from anywhere, consume it instead.					
The Voidborn	9WU	Creature — Voidling Horror 	The Voidborn costs 1 less for each card in the void.\n Whenever The Voidborn enters or leaves the battlefield, consume target permanent and all other permanents that share a mana value with it.		9	13		
Dropboarder	RGW	Creature — Human Rebel 	Whenever Dropboarder or another human enters, reveal the top card of your library, if its an artifact card you may draw a card if you don’t, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature they gain haste until end of turn.		2	1		
Desert Naturalist	1RGW	Creature — Human Barbarian 	When Desert Naturalist enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment, then search your library for a Desert card and put it onto the battlefield tapped.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, deal X damage to target creature an opponent controls, where X is the number of Deserts that entered this turn.		2	4		
Rock Hopper	2RW	Creature — Human Scout 	Modified creatures you control have haste.\n Whenever a non-token creature you control enters, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Rock with “Equipped creature has ‘1, T, Sacrifice Rock: This creature deals 2 damage to any target’” and equip 1 and attach it to it.		2	3		
Roiling Sands	1G	Enchantment — Landmark 	Lands you control and land card you own that aren’t on the battlefield are Deserts in addition to their other types.				3	
Dance of the Tumbleweeds	1G	Sorcery	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + 1 — Search your library for a basic land card or a Desert card, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.\n + 3 — Create an X/X green Elemental creature token, where X is the number of lands you control.					
Oracle of Mul Daya	3G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	You may play an additional land on each of your turns.\n Play with the top card of your library revealed.\n You may play lands from the top of your library.		2	2		
Valakut Exploration	2R	Enchantment	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card for as long as it remains exiled.\n At the beginning of your end step, if there are cards exiled with this enchantment, put them into their owner’s graveyard, then this enchantment deals that much damage to each opponent.					
Phylath, World Sculpter	4RG	Legendary Creature — Elemental 	When Phylath, enters, create a 0/1 green Plant creature token for each basic land you control.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put four +1/+1 counters on target Plant you control.		5	5		
Plunder Poro	1RW	Creature — Poro Pirate 	Whenever a Poro you control deals combat damage to a player, create a treasure token.\n At the beginning of your endstep discover Poro X, where X is the number of treasure tokens you control. (Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a poro card. You may cast it without paying its mana cost or put it into your hand.					
Poro Fluft	1GWU	Creature — Poro 	Flash\n As this creature enters, you may exile any number of other Poros you control until this creature leaves the battlefield, for each Poro exiled this way, this creature gets +2/+2 and counts as an additional Poro creature on the battlefield.\n “Move like the herd.”                                   —Braum		2	1		
Poro King Idol	2W	Artifact	Whenever a nontoken creature enters, if it was cast, put a worship counter on Poro King Idol.\n At the beginning of your endstep, reveal the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of worship counters on Poro King Idol, put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield if it’s mana value is less than the number of creatures you control, otherwise put it into your hand.					
Poro Sanctuary		Snow Land	T: Add C\n T: Add one mana of any color, spend this mana only to cast Poro spells, if this mana was spent on a spell with mana value 6 or greater, create a 1/1 white poro creature token.					
Council Call	GWU	Kindred Sorcery — Poro 	Choose up to three, plus the number of Poros you control 🥖 worth of modes. You may choose the same option more than once.\n 🥖 — Reveal the top card of your library if it’s a creature card you may put it into your hand otherwise you may put it on the bottom of your library.\n 🥖🥖 — Create a 1/1 white Poro creature token.\n X🥖 — Put any number of Poro permanents from your hand onto the battlefield with total mana value X or less.					
Poro Stories	WU	Sorcery	Replicate Tap an untapped Poro you control (When you cast this spell, copy it for each time you paid its replicate cost. You may choose new targets for the copies.)\n Gain a life draw a card.					
Naganeka, The Darkin Ballista		Legendary Artifact						Naganeka		Legendary Creature — Darkin 						
Targonian Manifest	2WB	Sorcery	Choose two, you may sacrifice a non-land permanent. If you do, choose another —\n • Put a permanent card from your hand with mana value 3 or less onto the battlefield.\n • Each opponent sacrifices an artifact or enchantment.\n • Create a token copy of a permanent an opponent sacrificed this turn.					
Freljordian Manifest	2RG	Sorcery	Choose two, you may exert two tapped creatures you control. If you do, choose another —\n • For each tapped creature you control, tap up to one non-land permanent target player controls.\n • Deal X damage to target player and each creature they control, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control.\n • Create a tapped Treasure token for each tapped creature target player controls.					
Bilgewater Manifest	2UR	Sorcery	Choose two, you may tap three permanents with different card types. If you do, choose another —\n • Draw three cards, then discard two cards.\n • Deal damage to target creature equal to the number of cards you discarded this turn, excess damage dealt this way is dealt to the creatures controller.\n • Create a Treasure token for each opponent that was dealt damage this turn.					
Ixtali Manifest	2GW	Sorcery	Choose two, do something. If you do, choose another —\n • \n • \n • 					
Perfect Fit	RW	Enchantment	When perfect fit enters choose one —\n •  Search your library for up to one creature card that shares a mana value with an equipment you control, put that card into your hand then shuffle.\n • Search your library for up to one equipment card that shares a mana value with a creature you control, put that card into your hand then shuffle.\n You may equip equipment without paying its equip cost if the target shares a mana value with the equipment.					
Desert Merchants	1RR	Enchantment	Whenever you sacrifice an artifact token, you may sacrifice any number of artifact tokens that share a name with it, if you do, deal 1 damage to any target for each card sacrificed this way.					
Sand Surfing	G	Sorcery	Return target land from your graveyard to your hand, if a Desert is returned this way, return it to the battlefield tapped instead.					
The Water Crystal	2UU	Legendary Artifact	Blue spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If an opponent would mill one or more cards, they mill that many cards plus four instead.\n 4UU, T: Each opponent mills cards equal to the number of cards in your hand.					
The Darkness Crystal	2BB	Legendary Artifact	Black spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die, instead exile it and you gain 2 life.\n 4BB, T: Put target creature card exiled with The Darkness Crystal onto the battlefield tapped under your control with two additional +1/+1 counters on it.					
The Wind Crystal	2WW	Legendary Artifact	White spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If you would gain life, you gain twice that much life instead.\n 4WW, T: Creatures you control gain flying and lifelink until end of turn.					
The Earth Crystal	2GG	Legendary Artifact	Green spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a creature you control, twice that many +1/+1 counters are put on that creature instead.\n 4GG, T: Distribute two +1/+1 counters among one or two target creatures you control.					
The Fire Crystal	2RR	Legendary Artifact	Red spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.\n Creatures you control have haste.\n 4RR, T: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step.					
She Who Wanders	5UU	Creature — Incarnation Horror 	She Who Wanders’ toughness is equal to the number of cards in your hand plus 3.\n Play with the top three cards of your library revealed.\n You may play cards from the top 3 cards of your library.		*	3+*		
It That Stares	7UU	Creature — Incarnation Horror 	When you cast this spell, you may tap up to X target permanents, where X is the amount of mana spent to cast this spell, they don’t untap during their controllers next untap step.\n Whenever one or more permanents don’t untap, scry that amount, if it was a permanent you control, you draw that many instead.\n Evoke 2UU		10	14		
Glimpse Into Nothingness	5UU	Sorcery	Each player mills ten cards. For each player, choose an instant or sorcery card in that player’s graveyard. Exile each instant or sorcery spell chosen this way, You may copy them, you may cast the copies without paying their mana cost. Exile this card.					
Teferi's Ageless Insight	2UU	Legendary Enchantment	If you would draw a card except the first one you draw in each of your draw steps, draw two cards instead.					
Inquiries Made	3UU	Sorcery	You may exile any number of cards from all graveyards, draw a card for each card type exiled this way.	“Odd creatures of blood and flesh.” —Vel’Koz				
Turn to Knowledge	6UU	Instant	This spell costs 5 less to cast to target a creature you control.\n Exile target creature, draw cards equal to its mana cost.	“Human melting point remains... inconsistent.”                             —Vel’Koz				
Gitaxian Probe	H/U	Sorcery	Look at target player’s hand.\n Draw a card.					
Stand Above The Heap	1GU	Enchantment	Whenever an opponent sacrifices an artifact, put a pile counter on Stand Above The Heap.\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add mana of any color equal to the number of pile counters on Stand Above The Heap.					
Backstreets of Zaun		Land	Backstreets of Zaun enters tapped.\n Backstreets of Zaun doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.\n T: Add U or G.\n at the beginning of your upkeep you may untap Backstreets of Zaun.					
Chronobreak	6UU	Sorcery	Take an extra turn after this one, For the rest of the game you have an additonal upkeep and draw step.\n Exile Chronobreak.					
Snow-Covered Plains		Basic Snow Land — Plains 						
Snow-Covered Island		Basic Snow Land — Island 						
Snow-Covered Swamp		Basic Snow Land — Swamp 						
Snow-Covered Mountain		Basic Snow Land — Mountain 						
Snow-Covered Forest		Basic Snow Land — Forest 						
Caged Sun	6	Artifact	As this artifact enters, choose a color.\n Creatures you control of the chosen color get +1/+1.\n Whenever a land’s ability causes you to add one or more mana of the chosen color, add an additional one mana of that color.					
Decanter of Endless Water	3	Artifact	You have no maximum hand size.\n T: Add one mana of any color.					
Extraplanar Lens		Artifact	Imprint — When this artifact enters, you may exile target land you control.\n Whenever a land with the same name as the exiled card is tapped for mana, its controller adds one mana of any type that land produced.					
Marina Vendrell's Grimoire	5U	Legendary Artifact	When Marina Vendrell’s Grimoire enters, if you cast it, draw five cards.\n You have no maximum hand size and don’t lose the game for having 0 or less life.\n Whenever you gain life, draw that many cards.\n Whenever you lose life, discard that many cards. Then if you have no cards in hand, you lose the game.					
Mind Stone	2	Artifact	T: Add 1.\n 1, 2, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.					
Sapphire Medallion	2	Artifact	Blue spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.					
The Everflowing Well	2U	Legendary Artifact	When The Everflowing Well enters, mill two cards, then draw two cards.\n Descend 8 — At the beginning of your upkeep, if there are eight or more permanent cards in your graveyard, transform The Everflowing Well.					The Myriad Pools		Legendary Artifact Land	(Transforms from The Everflowing Well.)\n T: Add U.\n Whenever you cast a permanent spell using mana produced by The Myriad Pools, up to one other target permanent you control becomes a copy of that spell until end of turn.					
The Magic Mirror	6UUU	Legendary Artifact	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each instant and sorcery card in your graveyard.\n You have no maximum hand size.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a knowledge counter on The Magic Mirror, then draw a card for each knowledge counter on The Magic Mirror.					
Archmage Emeritus	2UU	Creature — Human Wizard 	Magecraft — Whenever you cast or copy an instant or sorcery spell, draw a card.		2	2		
Archmage of Runes	3UU	Creature — Giant Wizard 	Instant and sorcery spells you cast cost  less to cast.\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, draw a card.					
Body of Knowledge	3UU	Creature — Avatar 	Body of Knowledge’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of cards in your hand.\n You have no maximum hand size.\n Whenever this creature is dealt damage, draw that many cards.		*	*		
Defiler of Dreams	3UU	Creature — Phyrexian Sphinx 	Flying\n As an additional cost to cast blue permanent spells, you may pay 2 life. Those spells cost U less to cast if you paid life this way. This effect reduces only the amount of blue mana you pay.\n Whenever you cast a blue permanent spell, draw a card.		4	3		
Emrakul's Messenger	1U	Creature — Eldrazi Faerie Rogue 	Devoid (This card has no color.)\n Flying\n Whenever you draw your second card each turn, create a 0/1 colorless Eldrazi Spawn creature token with “Sacrifice this token: Add C.”		2	1		
Esior, Wardwing Familiar	1U	Legendary Creature — Bird 	Flying\n Spells your opponents cast that target one or more commanders you control cost 3 more to cast.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		1	3		
Ghostly Pilferer	1U	Creature — Spirit Rogue 	Whenever this creature becomes untapped, you may pay 2. If you do, draw a card.\n Whenever an opponent casts a spell from anywhere other than their hand, draw a card.\n Discard a card: This creature can’t be blocked this turn.		2	1		
Hullbreaker Horror	5UU	Creature — Kraken Horror 	Flash\n This spell can’t be countered.\n Whenever you cast a spell, choose up to one —\n • Return target spell you don’t control to its owner’s hand.\n • Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.		7	8		
Hydroelectric Specimen	2U	Creature — Weird 	Flash\n When this creature enters, you may change the target of target instant or sorcery spell with a single target to this creature.		1	4		Hydroelectric Laboratory		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add U.					
Icebreaker Kraken	10UU	Snow Creature — Kraken 	Affinity for snow lands (This spell costs 1 less to cast for each snow land you control.)\n When Icebreaker Kraken enters, artifacts and creatures target opponent controls don’t untap during that player’s next untap step.\n Return three snow lands you control to their owner’s hand: Return Icebreaker Kraken to its owner’s hand.		8	8		
Oneirophage	3U	Creature — Squid Illusion 	Flying\n Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	2		
Behold the Unspeakable	3UU	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter.)\n I — Creatures you don’t control get -2/-0 until your next turn.\n II — If you have one or fewer cards in hand, draw four cards. Otherwise, scry 2, then draw two cards.\n III — Exile this Saga, then return it to the battlefield transformed under your control.	​				Vision of the Unspeakable		Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Flying, trample\n \n This creature gets +1/+1 for each card in your hand.		0	0		
Marit Lage's Slumber	1U	Legendary Snow Enchantment	Whenever Marit Lage’s Slumber or another snow permanent you control enters, scry 1.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, if you control ten or more snow permanents, sacrifice Marit Lage’s Slumber. If you do, create Marit Lage, a legendary 20/20 black Avatar creature token with flying and indestructible.					
Ominous Seas	1U	Enchantment	Whenever you draw a card, put a foreshadow counter on this enchantment.\n Remove eight foreshadow counters from this enchantment: Create an 8/8 blue Kraken creature token.\n Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)					
Winter's Rest	1U	Snow Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n When this Aura enters, tap enchanted creature.\n As long as you control another snow permanent, enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.					
Wizard Class	U	Enchantment — Class 	(Gain the next level as a sorcery to add its ability.)\n You have no maximum hand size.\n 2U: Level 2\n When this Class becomes level 2, draw two cards.\n 4U: Level 3\n Whenever you draw a card, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.					
Archmage's Charm	UUU	Instant	Choose one —\n • Counter target spell.\n • Target player draws two cards.\n • Gain control of target nonland permanent with mana value 1 or less.					
Brainstorm	U	Instant	Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.					
Commit	3U	Instant	Put target spell or nonland permanent into its owner’s library second from the top.					Memory	4UU	Sorcery		Aftermath (Cast this spell only from your graveyard. Then exile it.)\n Each player shuffles their hand and graveyard into their library, then draws seven cards.				
Consider	U		Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)\n Draw a card.					
Counterspell	UU	Instant	Counter target spell.					
Evacuation	3UU	Instant	Return all creatures to their owners’ hands.					
Fact of Fiction	3U	Instant	Reveal the top five cards of your library. An opponent separates those cards into two piles. Put one pile into your hand and the other into your graveyard.					
Mission Briefing	UU	Instant	Surveil 2, then choose an instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. You may cast it this turn. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)					
Mystic Confluence	3UU	Instant	Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.\n • Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.\n • Return target creature to its owner’s hand.\n • Draw a card.					
Negate	1U	Instant	Counter target noncreature spell.					
Rewind	2UU	Instant	Counter target spell. Untap up to four lands.					
Strix Serenade	U	Instant	Counter target artifact, creature, or planeswalker spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying.					
Sublime Epiphany	4UU	Instant	Choose one or more —\n • Counter target spell.\n • Counter target activated or triggered ability.\n • Return target nonland permanent to its owner’s hand.\n • Create a token that’s a copy of target creature you control.\n • Target player draws a card.					
Swan Song	U	Instant	Counter target enchantment, instant, or sorcery spell. Its controller creates a 2/2 blue Bird creature token with flying.					
Thought Scour	U	Instant	Target player mills two cards.\n Draw a card.					
Tolarian Winds	1U	Instant	Discard all the cards in your hand, then draw that many cards.					
Wash Away	U	Instant	Cleave 1UU (You may cast this spell for its cleave cost. If you do, remove the words in square brackets.)\n Counter target spell [that wasn’t cast from its owner’s hand].					
Castle Vantress		Land	This land enters tapped unless you control an Island.\n T: Add U.\n 2UU, T: Scry 2.					
Hall of Storm Giants		Land	If you control two or more other lands, Hall of Storm Giants enters tapped.\n T: Add U.\n 5U: Until end of turn, Hall of Storm Giants becomes a 7/7 blue Giant creature with ward 3. It’s still a land. (Whenever this permanent becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)					
Jace Beleren	1UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Jace 	[+2]: Each player draws a card.\n [-1]: Target player draws a card.\n [-10]: Target player mills twenty cards.				3	
Narset, Parter of Veils	1UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Narset 	Each opponent can’t draw more than one card each turn.\n [-2]: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.				5	
Teferi, Master of Time	2UU	Legendary Planeswalker — Teferi 	You may activate loyalty abilities of Teferi on any player’s turn any time you could cast an instant.\n [+1]: Draw a card, then discard a card.\n [-3]: Target creature you don’t control phases out. (Treat it and anything attached to it as though they don’t exist until its controller’s next turn.)\n [-10]: Take two extra turns after this one.				3	
Deep Analysis	3U	Sorcery	Target player draws two cards.\n Flashback—1U, Pay 3 life. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Finale of Revelation	XUU	Sorcery	Draw X cards. If X is 10 or more, instead shuffle your graveyard into your library, draw X cards, untap up to five lands, and you have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.\n Exile Finale of Revelation.					
Flood of Tears	4UU	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents to their owners’ hands. If you return four or more nontoken permanents you control this way, you may put a permanent card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Sea Gate Restoration	4UUU	Sorcery	Draw cards equal to the number of cards in your hand plus one. You have no maximum hand size for the rest of the game.					Sea Gate, Reborn		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add U.					
Serum Visions	U	Sorcery	Draw a card. Scry 2.					
Spectral Deluge	4UU	Sorcery	Return each creature your opponents control with toughness X or less to its owner’s hand, where X is the number of Islands you control.\n Foretell 1UU (During your turn, you may pay 2 and exile this card from your hand face down. Cast it on a later turn for its foretell cost.)					
Boros Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add RW.					
Leering Emblem	2	Artifact — Equipment 	Whenever you cast a spell, equipped creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.\n Equip 2					
Staff of the Storyteller	1W	Artifact	When this artifact enters, create a 1/1 white Spirit creature token with flying.\n Whenever you create one or more creature tokens, put a story counter on this artifact.\n W, T, Remove a story counter from this artifact: Draw a card.					
Sword of Once and Future	3	Artifact — Equipment 	Equipped creature gets +2/+2 and has protection from blue and from black.\n Whenever equipped creature deals combat damage to a player, surveil 2. Then you may cast an instant or sorcery spell with mana value 2 or less from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.\n Equip 2					
Arabella, Abandoned Doll	RW	Legendary Artifact Creature — Toy 	Whenever Arabella attacks, it deals X damage to each opponent and you gain X life, where X is the number of creatures you control with power 2 or less.		1	3		
Ardoz, Cobbler of War	1R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Shaman 	Haste\n Whenever Ardoz or another creature you control enters, that creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn.\n 3R: Create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with haste. Activate only as a sorcery.		1	1		
Detective's Phoenix	2R	Enchantment Creature — Phoenix 	Bestow—R, Collect evidence 6. (To pay this bestow cost, pay R and exile cards with total mana value 6 or greater from your graveyard.)\n Flying, haste\n Enchanted creature gets +2/+2 and has flying and haste.\n You may cast this card from your graveyard using its bestow ability.		2	2		
Devilish Valet	2R	Creature — Devil Warrior 	Trample, haste\n Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, double this creature’s power until end of turn.		1	3		
Dreadhorde Arcanist	1R	Creature — Zombie Wizard 	Trample\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may cast target instant or sorcery card with mana value less than or equal to this creature’s power from your graveyard without paying its mana cost. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.		1	3		
Enduring Courage	2RR	Enchantment Creature — Dog Glimmer 	Whenever another creature you control enters, it gets +2/+0 and gains haste until end of turn.\n When Enduring Courage dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		3	3		
Enduring Innocence	1WW	Enchantment Creature — Sheep Glimmer 	Lifelink\n Whenever one or more other creatures you control with power 2 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n When Enduring Innocence dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		2	1		
Everquill Phoenix	2RR	Creature — Phoenix 	Mutate 3R (If you cast this spell for its mutate cost, put it over or under target non-Human creature you own. They mutate into the creature on top plus all abilities from under it.)\n Flying\n Whenever this creature mutates, create a red artifact token named Feather with “, Sacrifice this token: Return target Phoenix card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.”		4	4		
Feather, Radiant Arbiter	RWW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying, lifelink\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell that targets only Feather, you may choose any number of other creatures that spell could target and pay  for each of those creatures. If you do, for each of those creatures, copy that spell. The copy targets that creature. (Copies of permanent spells become tokens.)		4	3		
Feather, the Redeemed	RWW	Legendary Creature — Angel 	Flying\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets a creature you control, exile that card instead of putting it into your graveyard as it resolves. If you do, return it to your hand at the beginning of the next end step.		3	4		
Kediss, Emberclaw Familiar	1R	Legendary Creature — Elemental Lizard 	Whenever a commander you control deals combat damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to each other opponent.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		1	1		
Mavinda, Students' Advocate	2W	Legendary Creature — Bird Advisor 	Flying\n 0: You may cast target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard this turn. If that spell doesn’t target a creature you control, it costs 8 more to cast this way. If that spell would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead. Activate only once each turn. (You still pay the spell’s costs. Timing rules for the spell still apply.)		2	3		
Mentor of the Meek	2W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Whenever another creature you control with power 2 or less enters, you may pay . If you do, draw a card.		2	2		
Molten Gatekeeper	2R	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Whenever another creature you control enters, this creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.\n Unearth R (R: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the beginning of the end step or if it would leave the battlefield. Unearth only as a sorcery.)		2	3		
Regal Leosaur	RW	Creature — Dinosaur Cat 	Mutate 1R/WR/W (If you cast this spell for its mutate cost, put it over or under target non-Human creature you own. They mutate into the creature on top plus all abilities from under it.)\n Whenever this creature mutates, other creatures you control get +2/+1 until end of turn.		2	2		
Stormsplitter	3R		Haste\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, create a token that’s a copy of this creature. Exile that token at the beginning of the next end step.		1	4		
Welcoming Vampire	2W	Creature — Vampire 	Flying\n Whenever one or more other creatures you control with power 2 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.		2	3		
Witch EnchanterWitch Enchanter	3W	Creature — Human Warlock 	When this creature enters, destroy target artifact or enchantment an opponent controls.					Witch-Blessed Meadow		Land	As this land enters, you may pay 3 life. If you don’t, it enters tapped.\n T: Add W.					
Case of the Burning Masks	1RR	Enchantment — Case 	When this Case enters, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls.\n To solve — Three or more sources you controlled dealt damage this turn. (If unsolved, solve at the beginning of your end step.)\n Solved — Sacrifice this Case: Exile the top three cards of your library. Choose one of them. You may play that card this turn.					
Flaming Fist	2W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks, it gains double strike until end of turn.”					
Guild Artisan	1R	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks a player, if no opponent has more life than that player, you create two Treasure tokens.” (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)					
Inspiring Leader	2W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Creature tokens you control get +2/+2.”					
Leyline of Resonance	2RR	Enchantment	If this card is in your opening hand, you may begin the game with it on the battlefield.\n Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell that targets only a single creature you control, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.					
Raid Bombardment	2R	Enchantment	Whenever a creature you control with power 2 or less attacks, this enchantment deals 1 damage to the player or planeswalker that creature is attacking.					
Reconnaissance	W	Enchantment	0: Remove target attacking creature you control from combat and untap it. (If you activate during end of combat, the creature will untap after it deals combat damage.)					
Sentinel's Eyes	W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has vigilance.\n Escape—W, Exile two other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)					
Showdown of the Skalds	2RW	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)\n I — Exile the top four cards of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.\n II, III — Whenever you cast a spell this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.\n ​					
Skyblade's Boon	1W	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has flying.\n 2W: Return Skyblade’s Boon to its owner’s hand. Activate only if Skyblade’s Boon is on the battlefield or in your graveyard.					
Timely Ward	2W	Enchantment — Aura 	You may cast this spell as though it had flash if it targets a commander.\n Enchant creature\n Enchanted creature has indestructible.					
Tocasia's Welcome	2W	Enchantment	Whenever one or more creatures you control with mana value 3 or less enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.					
Veteran Soldier	1W	Legendary Enchantment — Background 	Commander creatures you own have “Whenever this creature attacks a player, if no opponent has more life than that player, for each opponent, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token that’s tapped and attacking that opponent.”					
Dreadmaw's Ire	R	Instant	Until end of turn, target attacking creature gets +2/+2 and gains trample and “Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, destroy target artifact that player controls.”					
Fall of the Hammer	1R	Instant	Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to another target creature.					
Fight as One	W	Instant	Choose one or both —\n • Target Human creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.\n • Target non-Human creature you control gets +1/+1 and gains indestructible until end of turn.					
Monstrous Rage	R	Instant	Target creature gets +2/+0 until end of turn. Create a Monster Role token attached to it. (If you control another Role on it, put that one into the graveyard. Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has trample.)					
Path to Exile	W	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller may search their library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Sazacap's Brew	1R	Instant	Gift a tapped Fish (You may promise an opponent a gift as you cast this spell. If you do, they create a tapped 1/1 blue Fish creature token before its other effects.)\n As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.\n Target player draws two cards. If the gift was promised, target creature you control gets +2/+0 until end of turn.					
Swords to Plowshares	W	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller gains life equal to its power.					
Unwanted Remake	W	Instant	Destroy target creature. Its controller manifests dread. (That player looks at the top two cards of their library, then puts one onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature and the other into their graveyard. If it’s a creature card, it can be turned face up any time for its mana cost.)					
Violent Urge	R	Instant	Target creature gets +1/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.\n Delirium — If there are four or more card types among cards in your graveyard, that creature gains double strike until end of turn.					
Wear	1R	Instant	Destroy target artifact.					Tear	W	Instant	Destroy target enchantment.					
Furycalm Snarl		Land	As this land enters, you may reveal a Mountain or Plains card from your hand. If you don’t, this land enters tapped.\n T: Add R or W.					
Rugged Prairie		Land	T: Add C.\n R/W, T: Add RR, RW, or WW.					
Sunbaked Canyon		Land	T, Pay 1 life: Add R or W.\n 1, T, Sacrifice this Sunbaked Canyon: Draw a card.					
Sunscorched Divide		Land	1, T: Add RW.					
Expel the Interlopers	3WW	Sorcery	Choose a number between 0 and 10. Destroy all creatures with power greater than or equal to the chosen number.					
Fell the Mighty	4W	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with power greater than target creature’s power.					
Rip Apart	RW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Rip Apart deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker.\n • Destroy target artifact or enchantment.					
Sevinne's Reclamation	2W	Sorcery	Return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. If this spell was cast from a graveyard, you may copy this spell and may choose a new target for the copy.\n Flashback 4W (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Slash the Ranks	3WW	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures and planeswalkers except for commanders.					
Split Up	1WW	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Destroy all tapped creatures.\n • Destroy all untapped creatures.					
Fraying Line	4	Artifact	When this artifact enters, put a rope counter on target creature you control.\n At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player may pay 2. If they do, they put a rope counter on a creature they control. Otherwise, exile this artifact and each creature without a rope counter on it, then remove all rope counters from all creatures.					
Ghirapur Orrery	4	Artifact	Each player may play an additional land on each of their turns.\n At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, if that player has no cards in hand, that player draws three cards.					
Lifecrafter's Bestiary	3	Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.\n Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may pay G. If you do, draw a card.					
Lotus Blossom	2	Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a petal counter on this artifact.\n T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of petal counters on this artifact.					
Replicating Ring	3	Snow Artifact	T: Add one mana of any color.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, put a night counter on this artifact. Then if it has eight or more night counters on it, remove all of them and create eight colorless snow artifact tokens named Replicated Ring with “T: Add one mana of any color.”					
Simic Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add GU.					
Strionic Resonator	2	Artifact	2, T: Copy target triggered ability you control. You may choose new targets for the copy. (A triggered ability uses the words “when,” “whenever,” or “at.”)					
Talisman of Curiosity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or U. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Elvish Archivist	1G	Creature — Elf Artificer 	Whenever one or more artifacts you control enter, put two +1/+1 counters on this creature. This ability triggers only once each turn.\n Whenever one or more enchantments you control enter, draw a card. This ability triggers only once each turn.		0	1		
Elvish Mystic	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Fyndhorn Elves	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Genesis	4G	Creature — Incarnation 	At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature is in your graveyard, you may pay . If you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.		4	4		
Hulking Raptor	2GG	Creature — Dinosaur 	Ward 2\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add GG.		5	3		
Jin-Gitaxias	3UU	Legendary Creature — Praetor Phyrexian 	Ward 2\n Whenever you cast a noncreature spell with mana value 3 or greater, draw a card.\n 3U: Exile Jin-Gitaxias, then return it to the battlefield transformed under its owner’s control. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you have seven or more cards in hand.		5	5		The Great Synthesis		Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after III.)					
Llanowar Elves	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Add G.		1	1		
Progenitor Mimic	4GU	Creature — Shapeshifter 	You may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it has “At the beginning of your upkeep, if this creature isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of this creature.”		0	0		
Shizuko, Caller of Autumn	1GG	Legendary Creature — Snake Shaman 	At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player adds GGG. Until end of turn, they don’t lose this mana as steps and phases end.		2	3		
Verduran Enchantress	1GG	Creature — Human Druid 	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, you may draw a card.		0	2		
Abundance	2GG	Enchantment	If you would draw a card, you may instead choose land or nonland and reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a card of the chosen kind. Put that card into your hand and put all other cards revealed this way on the bottom of your library in any order.					
As Foretold	2U	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a time counter on this enchantment.\n Once each turn, you may pay 0 rather than pay the mana cost for a spell you cast with mana value X or less, where X is the number of time counters on this enchantment.					
Bounty of the Luxa	2GU		At the beginning of your first main phase, remove all flood counters from Bounty of the Luxa. If no counters were removed this way, put a flood counter on Bounty of the Luxa and draw a card. Otherwise, add CGU.					
City of Death	2G	Enchantment — Saga 	(As this Saga enters and after your draw step, add a lore counter. Sacrifice after VI.)\n I — Create a Treasure token.\n II, III, IV, V, VI — Create a token that’s a copy of target non-Saga token you control.\n ​					
Court of Bounty	2GG	Enchantment	When this enchantment enters, you become the monarch.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield. If you’re the monarch, instead you may put a creature or land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Elemental Resonance	2GG	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant permanent\n At the beginning of your first main phase, add mana equal to enchanted permanent’s mana cost. (Mana cost includes color. If a mana symbol has multiple colors, choose one.)					
Enchantress's Presence	2G	Enchantment	Whenever you cast an enchantment spell, draw a card.					
Endless Evil	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature you control\n At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of enchanted creature, except the token is 1/1.\n When enchanted creature dies, if that creature was a Horror, return this card to its owner’s hand.					
Extravagant Replication	4UU	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of another target nonland permanent you control.					
Freed from the Real	2U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n U: Tap enchanted creature.\n U: Untap enchanted creature.					
Frontier Siege	3G	Enchantment	As this enchantment enters, choose Khans or Dragons.\n • Khans — At the beginning of each of your main phases, add GG.\n • Dragons — Whenever a creature you control with flying enters, you may have it fight target creature you don’t control.					
Hibernation's End	4G	Enchantment	Cumulative upkeep 1 (At the beginning of your upkeep, put an age counter on this permanent, then sacrifice it unless you pay its upkeep cost for each age counter on it.)\n Whenever you pay this enchantment’s cumulative upkeep, you may search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to the number of age counters on this enchantment, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
In Search of Greatness	GG	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, you may cast a permanent spell from your hand with mana value equal to 1 plus the greatest mana value among other permanents you control without paying its mana cost. If you don’t, scry 1.					
Into the Wilds	3G	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a land card, you may put it onto the battlefield.					
Journey to the Lost City	3G	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top four cards of your library, then roll a d20.\n 1—9 | You may put a land card from among those cards onto the battlefield.\n 10—19 | Create a 2/2 green Wolf creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on it for each creature card among those cards.\n 20 | Put all permanent cards exiled with this enchantment onto the battlefield, then sacrifice it.					
Mana Bloom	XG	Enchantment	This enchantment enters with X charge counters on it.\n Remove a charge counter from this enchantment: Add one mana of any color. Activate only once each turn.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, if this enchantment has no charge counters on it, return it to its owner’s hand.					
Mechanized Production	2UU	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant artifact you control\n At the beginning of your upkeep, create a token that’s a copy of enchanted artifact. Then if you control eight or more artifacts with the same name as one another, you win the game.					
Mind Unbound	4UU	Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a lore counter on this enchantment, then draw a card for each lore counter on this enchantment.					
Netherese Puzzle-Ward	3U	Enchantment	Focus Beam — At the beginning of your upkeep, roll a d4. Scry X, where X is the result.\n Perfect Illumination — Whenever you roll a die’s highest natural result, draw a card.					
On the Trail	1G	Enchantment	Whenever you draw your second card each turn, you may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield tapped.					
Sanctum of Calm Waters	3U	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	At the beginning of your first main phase, you may draw X cards, where X is the number of Shrines you control. If you do, discard a card.					
Sanctum of Fruitful Harvest	2G	Legendary Enchantment — Shrine 	At the beginning of your first main phase, add X mana of any one color, where X is the number of Shrines you control.					
Search for Azcanta	1U	Legendary Enchantment	At the beginning of your upkeep, surveil 1. Then if you have seven or more cards in your graveyard, you may transform Search for Azcanta.					Azcanta, the Sunken Ruin		Legendary Land	(Transforms from Search for Azcanta.)\n T: Add U.\n 2U, T: Look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal a noncreature, nonland card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.					
The World Spell	5GG	Enchantment — Saga 	Read ahead (Choose a chapter and start with that many lore counters. Add one after your draw step. Skipped chapters don’t trigger. Sacrifice after III.)\n I, II — Look at the top seven cards of your library. You may reveal a non-Saga permanent card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.\n III — Put up to two non-Saga permanent cards from your hand onto the battlefield.\n ​					
Utopia Sprawl	G	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant Forest\n As this Aura enters, choose a color.\n Whenever enchanted Forest is tapped for mana, its controller adds an additional one mana of the chosen color.					
Growth Spiral	GU	Instant	Draw a card. You may put a land card from your hand onto the battlefield.					
Mana Leak	1U	Instant	Counter target spell unless its controller pays 3.					
Miscast	U	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell unless its controller pays 3.					
Muddle the Mixture	UU	Instant	Counter target instant or sorcery spell.\n Transmute 1UU (1UU, Discard this card: Search your library for a card with the same mana value as this card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle. Transmute only as a sorcery.)					
Nature's Claim	G	Instant	Destroy target artifact or enchantment. Its controller gains 4 life.					
Pongify	U	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can’t be regenerated. Its controller creates a 3/3 green Ape creature token.					
Rapid Hybridization	U	Instant	Destroy target creature. It can’t be regenerated. That creature’s controller creates a 3/3 green Frog Lizard creature token.					
Reality Shift	1U	Instant	Exile target creature. Its controller manifests the top card of their library. (That player puts the top card of their library onto the battlefield face down as a 2/2 creature. If it’s a creature card, it can be turned face up any time for its mana cost.)					
Suspend	U	Instant	Exile target creature and put two time counters on it. If it doesn’t have suspend, it gains suspend. (At the beginning of its owner’s upkeep, they remove a time counter. When the last is removed, they may play it without paying its mana cost. If it’s a creature, it has haste.)					
Botanical Sanctum		Land	Botanical Sanctum enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add G or U.					
Evolving Wilds		Land	T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Flooded Grove		Land	T: Add C.\n G/U, T: Add GG, GU, or UU.					
Hedge Maze		Land — Forest Island 	(T: Add G or U.)\n Hedge Maze enters tapped.\n When Hedge Maze enters, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)					
Hinterland Harbor		Land	Hinterland Harbor enters tapped unless you control a Forest or an Island.\n T: Add G or U.					
Overflowing Basin		Land	1, T: Add GU.					
Path of Ancestry		Land	Path of Ancestry enters tapped.\n T: Add one mana of any color in your commander’s color identity. When that mana is spent to cast a creature spell that shares a creature type with your commander, scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)					
Temple of Mystery		Land	Temple of Mystery enters tapped.\n When Temple of Mystery enters, scry 1.\n T: Add G or U.					
Vineglimmer Snarl		Land	As Vineglimmer Snarl enters, you may reveal a Forest or Island card from your hand. If you don’t, Vineglimmer Snarl enters tapped.\n T: Add G or U.					
Yavimaya Coast		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or U. Yavimaya Coast deals 1 damage to you.					
Make Your Own Luck	3GU	Sorcery	Look at the top three cards of your library. You may exile a nonland card from among them. If you do, it becomes plotted. Put the rest into your hand. (You may cast it as a sorcery on a later turn without paying its mana cost.)					
River's Rebuke	4UU	Sorcery	Return all nonland permanents target player controls to their owner’s hand.					
Wash Out	3U	Sorcery	Return all permanents of the color of your choice to their owners’ hands.					
Selesnya Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add GW.					
Symmetry Matrix	4	Artifact	Whenever a creature you control with power equal to its toughness enters, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.					
Talisman of Unity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or W. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Arbor Elf	G	Creature — Elf Druid 	T: Untap target Forest.		1	1		
Avacyn's Pilgrim	G	Creature — Human Monk 	T: Add W.		1	1		
Beast Whisperer	2GG	Creature — Elf Druid 	Whenever you cast a creature spell, draw a card.		2	3		
Benevolent Bodyguard	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Sacrifice Benevolent Bodyguard: Target creature you control gains protection from the color of your choice until end of turn.		1	1		
Bess, Soul Nourisher	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Citizen 	Whenever one or more other creatures you control with base power and toughness 1/1 enter, put a +1/+1 counter on Bess.\n Whenever Bess attacks, each other creature you control with base power and toughness 1/1 gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of +1/+1 counters on Bess.		1	1		
Caustic Caterpillar	G	Creature — Insect 	1G, Sacrifice Caustic Caterpillar: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.		1	1		
Champion of Lambholt	1GG	Creature — Human Warrior 	Creatures with power less than this creature’s power can’t block creatures you control.\n Whenever another creature you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.		1	1		
Cultivator of Blades	3GG	Creature — Elf Artificer 	Fabricate 2 (When this creature enters, put two +1/+1 counters on it or create two 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.)\n Whenever this creature attacks, you may have other attacking creatures get +X/+X until end of turn, where X is this creature’s power.		1	1		
Elvish Visionary	1G	Creature — Elf Shaman 	When this creature enters, draw a card.		1	1		
Enduring Vitality	1GG	Enchantment Creature — Elk Glimmer 	Vigilance\n Creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any color.”\n When Enduring Vitality dies, if it was a creature, return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control. It’s an enchantment. (It’s not a creature.)		3	3		
Gala Greeters	1G	Creature — Elf Druid 	Alliance — Whenever another creature you control enters, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —\n • Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.\n • Create a tapped Treasure token.\n • You gain 2 life.		1	1		
Guide of Souls	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Whenever another creature you control enters, you gain 1 life and get E (an energy counter).\n Whenever you attack, you may pay EEE. When you do, put two +1/+1 counters and a flying counter on target attacking creature. It becomes an Angel in addition to its other types.		1	2		
Haywire Mite	1	Artifact Creature — Insect 	When Haywire Mite dies, you gain 2 life.\n G, Sacrifice Haywire Mite: Exile target noncreature artifact or noncreature enchantment.		1	1		
Heronblade Elite	2G	Creature — Human Warrior 	Vigilance\n Whenever another Human you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.\n T: Add X mana of any one color, where X is this creature’s power.		1	1		
Hydra Trainer	1G	Creature — Human Warrior 	You may exert Hydra Trainer as it attacks. When you do, target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of counters on permanents you control. (An exerted creature won’t untap during your next untap step.)\n 2G: Adapt 2. (If this creature has no +1/+1 counters on it, put two +1/+1 counters on it.)		1	1		
Ilysian Caryatid	1G	Creature — Plant 	T: Add one mana of any color. If you control a creature with power 4 or greater, add two mana of any one color instead.		1	1		
Indebted Spirit	W	Enchantment Creature — Spirit 	Bestow 2W (If you cast this card for its bestow cost, it’s an Aura spell with enchant creature. It becomes a creature again if it’s not attached.)\n Afterlife 1 (Whenever this creature dies, create a 1/1 white and black Spirit creature token with flying.)\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and has afterlife 1.		1	1		
Kami of Whispered Hopes	2G	Creature — Spirit 	If one or more +1/+1 counters would be put on a permanent you control, that many plus one +1/+1 counters are put on that permanent instead.\n T: Add X mana of any one color, where X is this creature’s power.					
Katilda, Dawnhart Prime	GW	Legendary Creature — Human Warlock 	Protection from Werewolves\n Human creatures you control have “T: Add one mana of any of this creature’s colors.”\n 4GW, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.		1	1		
Kutzil, Malamet Exemplar	1GW	Legendary Creature — Warrior Cat 	Your opponents can’t cast spells during your turn.\n Whenever one or more creatures you control each with power greater than its base power deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.		3	3		
Luminarch Aspirant	1W	Creature — Human Cleric 	At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control.		1	1		
Managorger Hydra	2G	Creature — Hydra 	Trample\n Whenever a player casts a spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Managorger Hydra.		1	1		
Mentor of the Meek	2W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Whenever another creature you control with power 2 or less enters, you may pay 1. If you do, draw a card.		2	2		
Mirror Entity	2W	Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n X: Until end of turn, creatures you control have base power and toughness X/X and gain all creature types.		1	1		
Ollenbock Escort	W	Creature — Human Cleric 	Vigilance\n Sacrifice Ollenbock Escort: Target creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it gains lifelink and indestructible until end of turn.		1	1		
Resolute Reinforcements	1W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)\n When Resolute Reinforcements enters, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token.		1	1		
Selfless Savior	W	Creature — Dog 	Sacrifice Selfless Savior: Another target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. (Damage and effects that say “destroy” don’t destroy it.)		1	1		
Spirited Companion	1W	Enchantment Creature — Dog 	When Spirited Companion enters, draw a card.		1	1		
Springheart Nantuko	1G	Enchantment Creature — Monk Insect 	Bestow 1G\n Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.\n Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, you may pay 1G if Springheart Nantuko is attached to a creature you control. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of that creature. If you didn’t create a token this way, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.		1	1		
Torens, Fist of the Angels	1GW	Legendary Creature — Human Cleric 	Training (Whenever this creature attacks with another creature with greater power, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.)\n Whenever you cast a creature spell, create a 1/1 green and white Human Soldier creature token with training.		2	2		
Wildwood Mentor	2G	Creature — Treefolk 	Whenever a token you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on Wildwood Mentor.\n Whenever Wildwood Mentor attacks, another target attacking creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is Wildwood Mentor’s power.		1	1		
Wood Elves	2G	Creature — Elf Scout 	When Wood Elves enters, search your library for a Forest card, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle.		1	1		
Wyrm's Crossing Patrol	W	Creature — Human Soldier 	Myriad (Whenever this creature attacks, for each opponent other than defending player, you may create a token that’s a copy of this creature that’s tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Exile the tokens at end of combat.)		1	1		
Assemble the Players	1W	Enchantment	You may look at the top card of your library any time.\n Once each turn, you may cast a creature spell with power 2 or less from the top of your library.					
Guardian Project	3G	Enchantment	Whenever a nontoken creature you control enters, if it doesn’t have the same name as another creature you control or a creature card in your graveyard, draw a card.					
Mirari's Wake	3GW	Enchantment	Creatures you control get +1/+1.\n Whenever you tap a land for mana, add one mana of any type that land produced.					
Wild Pair	4GG	Enchantment	Whenever a creature enters, if you cast it from your hand, you may search your library for a creature card with the same total power and toughness, put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.					
Cosmic Rebirth	1GW	Instant	Choose target permanent card in your graveyard. If it has mana value 3 or less, you may put it onto the battlefield. If you don’t put it onto the battlefield, put it into your hand.\n You gain 3 life.					
Rite of Harmony	GW	Instant	Whenever a creature or enchantment you control enters this turn, draw a card.\n Flashback 2GW (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its flashback cost. Then exile it.)					
Snakeskin Veil	G	Instant	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature you control. It gains hexproof until end of turn. (It can’t be the target of spells or abilities your opponents control.)					
Your Temple Is Under Attack	2W	Instant	Choose one —\n • Pray for Protection — Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.\n • Strike a Deal — You and target opponent each draw two cards.					
Branchloft Pathway		Land	T: Add G,					Boulderloft Pathway		Land	T: Add W.					
Brushland		Land	T: Add C.\n T: Add G or W. This land deals 1 damage to you.					
Canopy Vista		Land — Forest Plains 	(T: Add G or W.)\n Canopy Vista enters tapped unless you control two or more basic lands.					
Castle Ardenvale		Land	Castle Ardenvale enters tapped unless you control a Plains.\n T: Add W.\n 2WW, T: Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.					
Fortified Village		Land	As Fortified Village enters, you may reveal a Forest or Plains card from your hand. If you don’t, Fortified Village enters tapped.\n T: Add G or W.					
Razorverge Thicket		Land	Razorverge Thicket enters tapped unless you control two or fewer other lands.\n T: Add G or W.					
Sungrass Prairie		Land	1, T: Add GW.					
Windbrisk Heights		Land	Hideaway 4 (When this land enters, look at the top four cards of your library, exile one face down, then put the rest on the bottom in a random order.)\n Windbrisk Heights enters tapped.\n T: Add W.\n W, T: You may play the exiled card without paying its mana cost if you attacked with three or more creatures this turn.					
Basri Ket	1WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Basri 	[+1]: Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. It gains indestructible until end of turn.\n [-2]: Whenever one or more nontoken creatures attack this turn, create that many 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens that are tapped and attacking.\n [-6]: You get an emblem with “At the beginning of combat on your turn, create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token, then put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.”				3	
Elspeth, Sun's Champion	4WW	Legendary Planeswalker — Elspeth 	[+1]: Create three 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.\n [-3]: Destroy all creatures with power 4 or greater.\n [-7]: You get an emblem with “Creatures you control get +2/+2 and have flying.”				4	
Vivien, Champion of the Wilds	2G	Legendary Planeswalker — Vivien 	You may cast creature spells as though they had flash.\n [+1]: Until your next turn, up to one target creature gains vigilance and reach.\n [-2]: Look at the top three cards of your library. Exile one face down and put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order. For as long as it remains exiled, you may cast it if it’s a creature spell.				4	
Chatterstorm	1G	Sorcery	Create a 1/1 green Squirrel creature token.\n Storm (When you cast this spell, copy it for each spell cast before it this turn.)					
Citywide Bust	1WW	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with toughness 4 or greater.					
Fell the Mighty	4W	Sorcery	Destroy all creatures with power greater than target creature’s power.					
Harvest Season	2G	Sorcery	Search your library for up to X basic land cards, where X is the number of tapped creatures you control, put those cards onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.					
Return from the Wilds	2G	Sorcery	Choose two —\n • Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.\n • Create a 1/1 white Human creature token.\n • Create a Food token.					
Sram's Expertise	2WW	Sorcery	Create three 1/1 colorless Servo artifact creature tokens.\n You may cast a spell with mana value 3 or less from your hand without paying its mana cost.					
Dawn of a New Age	1W	Enchantment	This enchantment enters with a hope counter on it for each creature you control.\n At the beginning of your end step, remove a hope counter from this enchantment. If you do, draw a card. Then if this enchantment has no hope counters on it, sacrifice it and you gain 4 life.					
Blood Fountain	B	Artifact	When this artifact enters, create a Blood token. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Discard a card, Sacrifice this artifact: Draw a card.”)\n 3B, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Return up to two target creature cards from your graveyard to your hand.					
Dimir Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add UB.					
Golgari Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add BG.					
Rakdos Signet	2	Artifact	1, T: Add BR.					
Talisman of Creativity	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add U or R. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Dominance	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add U or B. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
Talisman of Indulgence	2	Artifact	T: Add C.\n T: Add B or R. This artifact deals 1 damage to you.					
The Indomitable	2UU	Legendary Artifact — Vehicle 	Trample\n Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, draw a card.\n Crew 3\n You may cast this card from your graveyard as long as you control three or more tapped Pirates and/or Vehicles.		6	6		
Admiral Beckett Brass	1UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Other Pirates you control get +1/+1.\n At the beginning of your end step, gain control of target nonland permanent controlled by a player who was dealt combat damage by three or more Pirates this turn.		3	3		
Admiral Brass, Unsinkable	2UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	When Admiral Brass enters, mill four cards.\n At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may return target Pirate creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield with a finality counter on it. It has base power and toughness 4/4. It gains haste until end of turn. (If a creature with a finality counter on it would die, exile it instead.)		3	3		
Breeches, Brazen Plunderer	3R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Pirate 	Menace\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal damage to your opponents, exile the top card of each of those opponents’ libraries. You may play those cards this turn, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast those spells.\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		3	3		
Breeches, Eager Pillager	2R	Legendary Creature — Goblin Pirate 	First strike\n Whenever a Pirate you control attacks, choose one that hasn’t been chosen this turn —\n • Create a Treasure token.\n • Target creature can’t block this turn.\n • Exile the top card of your library. You may play it this turn.					
Broadside Bombardiers	2R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	Menace, haste\n Boast — Sacrifice another creature or artifact: This creature deals damage equal to 2 plus the sacrificed permanent’s mana value to any target. (Activate only if this creature attacked this turn and only once each turn.)		2	2		
Captain Lannery Storm	2R	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Haste\n Whenever Captain Lannery Storm attacks, create a Treasure token.\n Whenever you sacrifice a Treasure, Captain Lannery Storm gets +1/+0 until end of turn.		2	2		
Captain Storm, Cosmium Raider	UR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Whenever an artifact you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target Pirate you control.		2	2		
Captain Vargus Wrath	UR	Legendary Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever Captain Vargus Wrath attacks, Pirates you control get +1/+1 until end of turn for each time you’ve cast a commander from the command zone this game.		1	1		
Captivating Crew	3R	Creature — Human Pirate 	3R: Gain control of target creature an opponent controls until end of turn. Untap that creature. It gains haste until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.		4	3		
Changeling Outcast	B	Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n This creature can’t block and can’t be blocked.		1	1		
Charred Graverobber	2B	Creature — Skeleton Mercenary 	When Charred Graverobber enters, return target outlaw card from your graveyard to your hand.\n Escape—3BB, Exile four other cards from your graveyard. (You may cast this card from your graveyard for its escape cost.)\n Charred Graverobber escapes with a +1/+1 counter on it.		3	1		
Coercive Recruiter	4R	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever Coercive Recruiter or another Pirate you control enters, gain control of target creature until end of turn. Untap that creature. Until end of turn, it gains haste and becomes a Pirate in addition to its other types.		4	3		
Corsair Captain	2U	Creature — Human Pirate 	When this creature enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)\n Other Pirates you control get +1/+1.		2	2		
Cutthroat Negotiator	2UR	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Parley — Whenever this creature attacks, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a tapped Treasure token. Then each player draws a card.		4	3		
Enterprising Scallywag	1R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	At the beginning of your end step, if you descended this turn, create a Treasure token. (You descended if a permanent card was put into your graveyard from anywhere this turn.)		2	2		
Gemcutter Buccaneer	3R	Creature — Orc Pirate Artificer 	Whenever this creature or another Pirate you control enters, create a tapped Treasure token.\n Treasures you control are Equipment in addition to their other types and have “Equipped creature gets +2/+0,” equip Pirate 1, and equip 3.		1	3		
Graywater's Fixer	2BR	Creature — Lizard Mercenary 	Each outlaw creature card in your graveyard has encore X, where X is its mana value. (X, Exile this card from your graveyard: For each opponent, create a token copy that attacks that opponent this turn if able. They gain haste. Sacrifice them at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.)		4	4		
Hellspur Posse Boss	2RR	Creature — Lizard Rogue 	Other outlaws you control have haste. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n When this creature enters, create two 1/1 red Mercenary creature tokens with “T: Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.”		2	4		
Hostage Taker	2UB	Creature — Human Pirate 	When this creature enters, exile another target creature or artifact until this creature leaves the battlefield. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and mana of any type can be spent to cast that spell.		2	3		
Kari Zev, Skyship Raider	1R	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	First strike, menace\n Whenever Kari Zev attacks, create Ragavan, a legendary 2/1 red Monkey creature token. Ragavan enters tapped and attacking. Exile that token at end of combat.		1	3		
Kitesail Freebooter	1B	Creature — Human Pirate 	Flying\n When this creature enters, target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a noncreature, nonland card from it. Exile that card until this creature leaves the battlefield.		1	2		
Laughing Jasper Flint	1BR	Legendary Creature — Lizard Rogue 	Creatures you control but don’t own are Mercenaries in addition to their other types.\n At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top X cards of target opponent’s library, where X is the number of outlaws you control. Until end of turn, you may cast spells from among those cards, and mana of any type can be spent to cast those spells.        		4	3		
Malcolm, Keen-Eyed Navigator	2U	Legendary Creature — Siren Pirate 	Flying\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal damage to your opponents, you create a Treasure token for each opponent dealt damage. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)\n Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)		2	2		
Marchesa, Dealer of Death	UBR	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	Whenever you commit a crime, you may pay . If you do, look at the top two cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the other into your graveyard. (Targeting opponents, anything they control, and/or cards in their graveyards is a crime.)		3	4		
Moritte of the Frost	2GUU	Legendary Snow Creature — Shapeshifter 	Changeling (This card is every creature type.)\n You may have Moritte of the Frost enter as a copy of a permanent you control, except it’s legendary and snow in addition to its other types and, if it’s a creature, it enters with two additional +1/+1 counters on it and has changeling.		0	0		
Pirated Copy	4U	Creature — Shapeshifter Pirate 	You may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield, except it’s a Pirate in addition to its other types and it has “Whenever this creature or another creature with the same name deals combat damage to a player, you draw a card.”		0	0		
Port Razer	3RR	Creature — Orc Pirate 	Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, untap each creature you control. After this phase, there is an additional combat phase.\n This creature can’t attack a player it has already attacked this turn.		4	4		
Protean Raider	1UR	Creature — Shapeshifter Pirate 	Raid — If you attacked this turn, you may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield.		2	2		
The Z-Drive	3GU	Legendary Artifact	At the beginning of your upkeep, put a ripcord counter on The Z-Drive.\n 3GU, T: End the turn, this ability costs 3GU less if its your turn. If you do, draw a card for each ripcord counter on it and exile it, then, take an extra turn after this one.					
Spray and Prey (Twitch)	BG	Sorcery	Overload 3BG\n Target creature you control gains toxic 1 and “if this creature would deal combat damage to an opponent it deals that much combat damage to each opponent instead.” until end of turn.					
Merchant of the Sewers (Twitch)	3BB	Creature — Rat Citizen 	When Merchant of the Sewers enters, proliferate.\n Whenever Merchant of the Sewers leaves the battlefield, each opponent loses life equal to twice the number of poison counters they have, you gain life equal to the amount of life lost this way.		4	2		
Ramirez DePietro, Pillager	2UB	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	When Ramirez DePietro enters, you lose 2 life and create two Treasure tokens.\n Whenever one or more Pirates you control deal combat damage to a player, exile the top card of that player’s library. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled.		4	3		
Reckless Lackey	R	Creature — Goblin Pirate 	First strike, haste\n 2R, Sacrifice this creature: Draw a card and create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this token: Add one mana of any color.”)		1	2		
Roaming Throne	4	Artifact Creature — Golem 	Ward 2\n As this Roaming Throne enters, choose a creature type.\n Roaming Throne is the chosen type in addition to its other types.\n If a triggered ability of another creature you control of the chosen type triggers, it triggers an additional time.		4	4		
Skeleton Crew	3B	Creature — Skeleton Pirate 	Each other creature you control that’s a Skeleton or Pirate gets +1/+1.\n Whenever one or more creature cards leave your graveyard, create a 2/2 black Skeleton Pirate creature token. (This ability triggers only from the battlefield.)\n 5B: Return this card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped.		3	3		
Spectral Sailor	U	Creature — Spirit Pirate 	Flash (You may cast this spell any time you could cast an instant.)\n Flying\n 3U: Draw a card.		1	1		
Storm Fleet Negotiator	2U	Creature — Siren Pirate 	Flying\n Parley — Whenever Storm Fleet Negotiator attacks, each player reveals the top card of their library. For each nonland card revealed this way, you create a Map token. Then each player draws a card. (It’s an artifact with “1, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Target creature you control explores. Activate only as a sorcery.”)		2	2		
Vial Smasher, Gleeful Grenadier	BR	Legendary Creature — Goblin Mercenary 	Whenever another outlaw you control enters, Vial Smasher deals 1 damage to target opponent. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)		3	2		
Zara, Renegade Recruiter	3UR	Legendary Creature — Human Pirate 	Flying\n Whenever Zara attacks, look at defending player’s hand. You may put a creature card from it onto the battlefield under your control tapped and attacking that player or a planeswalker they control. Return that creature to its owner’s hand at the beginning of the next end step.		4	3		
At Knifepoint	1BR	Enchantment	During your turn, outlaws you control have first strike. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n Whenever you commit a crime, create a 1/1 red Mercenary creature token with “T: Target creature you control gets +1/+0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.” This ability triggers only once each turn.					
Blood Spatter Analysis	BR	Enchantment	When Blood Spatter Analysis enters, it deals 3 damage to target creature an opponent controls.\n Whenever one or more creatures die, mill a card and put a bloodstain counter on Blood Spatter Analysis. Then sacrifice it if it has five or more bloodstain counters on it. When you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.					
Call to the Kindred	3U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n At the beginning of your upkeep, you may look at the top five cards of your library. If you do, you may put a creature card that shares a creature type with enchanted creature from among them onto the battlefield, then you put the rest of those cards on the bottom of your library in any order.					
Curiosity	U	Enchantment — Aura 	Enchant creature\n Whenever enchanted creature deals damage to an opponent, you may draw a card.					
Double Down	3U		Whenever you cast an outlaw spell, copy that spell. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
Kindred Discovery	3UU	Enchantment	As this enchantment enters, choose a creature type.\n Whenever a creature you control of the chosen type enters or attacks, draw a card.					
Caught in the Crossfire	RR	Instant	Spree (Choose one or more additional costs.)\n + 1 — Caught in the Crossfire deals 2 damage to each outlaw creature. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)\n + 1 — Caught in the Crossfire deals 2 damage to each non-outlaw creature.					
Dead Before Sunrise	3R	Instant	Until end of turn, outlaw creatures you control get +1/+0 and gain “T: This creature deals damage equal to its power to target creature.” (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
Fiery Cannonade	2R	Instant	Fiery Cannonade deals 2 damage to each non-Pirate creature.					
Secluded Courtyard		Land	As Secluded Courtyard enters, choose a creature type.\n T: Add C.\n T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type or activate an ability of a creature source of the chosen type.					
Unclaimed Territory		Land	As Unclaimed Territory enters, choose a creature type.\n T: Add C.\n T: Add one mana of any color. Spend this mana only to cast a creature spell of the chosen type.					
Back in Town	X2B	Sorcery	Return X target outlaw creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield. (Assassins, Mercenaries, Pirates, Rogues, and Warlocks are outlaws.)					
March of the Drowned	B	Sorcery	Choose one —\n • Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.\n • Return two target Pirate cards from your graveyard to your hand.					
